Last metadata expiration check: 0:00:44 ago on Sun 12 Jan 2020 02:00:46 PM JST.
Installed Packages
NetworkManager.x86_64                                1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         @anaconda 
NetworkManager-config-server.noarch                  1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         @anaconda 
NetworkManager-libnm.x86_64                          1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         @anaconda 
NetworkManager-team.x86_64                           1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         @anaconda 
NetworkManager-tui.x86_64                            1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         @anaconda 
PackageKit.x86_64                                    1.1.12-2.el8                                            @AppStream
PackageKit-glib.x86_64                               1.1.12-2.el8                                            @AppStream
acl.x86_64                                           2.2.53-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
adcli.x86_64                                         0.8.2-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
at.x86_64                                            3.1.20-11.el8                                           @anaconda 
attr.x86_64                                          2.4.48-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
audit.x86_64                                         3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         @anaconda 
audit-libs.x86_64                                    3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         @anaconda 
authselect.x86_64                                    1.0-13.el8                                              @anaconda 
authselect-compat.x86_64                             1.0-13.el8                                              @AppStream
authselect-libs.x86_64                               1.0-13.el8                                              @anaconda 
avahi-libs.x86_64                                    0.7-19.el8                                              @anaconda 
basesystem.noarch                                    11-5.el8                                                @anaconda 
bash.x86_64                                          4.4.19-8.el8_0                                          @anaconda 
bash-completion.noarch                               1:2.7-5.el8                                             @anaconda 
bc.x86_64                                            1.07.1-5.el8                                            @anaconda 
bind-export-libs.x86_64                              32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 @anaconda 
bind-libs.x86_64                                     32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 @AppStream
bind-libs-lite.x86_64                                32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 @AppStream
bind-license.noarch                                  32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 @AppStream
bind-utils.x86_64                                    32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 @AppStream
binutils.x86_64                                      2.30-49.el8                                             @anaconda 
biosdevname.x86_64                                   0.7.3-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
blktrace.x86_64                                      1.2.0-9.el8                                             @anaconda 
bolt.x86_64                                          0.4-1.el8                                               @anaconda 
bpftool.x86_64                                       4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    @anaconda 
brotli.x86_64                                        1.0.6-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
buildah.x86_64                                       1.5-3.gite94b4f9.module_el8.0.0+58+91b614e7             @AppStream
bzip2.x86_64                                         1.0.6-26.el8                                            @anaconda 
bzip2-libs.x86_64                                    1.0.6-26.el8                                            @anaconda 
c-ares.x86_64                                        1.13.0-5.el8                                            @anaconda 
ca-certificates.noarch                               2018.2.24-6.el8                                         @anaconda 
cairo.x86_64                                         1.15.12-3.el8                                           @AppStream
cairo-gobject.x86_64                                 1.15.12-3.el8                                           @AppStream
centos-logos.x86_64                                  80.5-2.el8                                              @AppStream
centos-release.x86_64                                8.0-0.1905.0.9.el8                                      @anaconda 
checkpolicy.x86_64                                   2.8-2.el8                                               @anaconda 
chkconfig.x86_64                                     1.11-1.el8                                              @anaconda 
chrony.x86_64                                        3.3-3.el8                                               @anaconda 
clevis.x86_64                                        11-2.el8                                                @AppStream
clevis-luks.x86_64                                   11-2.el8                                                @AppStream
cockpit.x86_64                                       185.1-1.el8_0                                           @anaconda 
cockpit-bridge.x86_64                                185.1-1.el8_0                                           @anaconda 
cockpit-packagekit.noarch                            184.1-1.el8                                             @AppStream
cockpit-storaged.noarch                              184.1-1.el8                                             @AppStream
cockpit-system.noarch                                185.1-1.el8_0                                           @anaconda 
cockpit-ws.x86_64                                    185.1-1.el8_0                                           @anaconda 
container-selinux.noarch                             2:2.94-1.git1e99f1d.module_el8.0.0+58+91b614e7          @AppStream
containernetworking-plugins.x86_64                   0.7.4-3.git9ebe139.module_el8.0.0+58+91b614e7           @AppStream
containers-common.x86_64                             1:0.1.32-3.git1715c90.module_el8.0.0+58+91b614e7        @AppStream
coreutils.x86_64                                     8.30-6.el8                                              @anaconda 
coreutils-common.x86_64                              8.30-6.el8                                              @anaconda 
cpio.x86_64                                          2.12-8.el8                                              @anaconda 
cracklib.x86_64                                      2.9.6-15.el8                                            @anaconda 
cracklib-dicts.x86_64                                2.9.6-15.el8                                            @anaconda 
criu.x86_64                                          3.10-7.el8                                              @AppStream
cronie.x86_64                                        1.5.2-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
cronie-anacron.x86_64                                1.5.2-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
crontabs.noarch                                      1.11-16.20150630git.el8                                 @anaconda 
crypto-policies.noarch                               20181217-6.git9a35207.el8                               @anaconda 
cryptsetup.x86_64                                    2.0.6-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
cryptsetup-libs.x86_64                               2.0.6-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
cups-libs.x86_64                                     1:2.2.6-25.el8                                          @anaconda 
curl.x86_64                                          7.61.1-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.x86_64                             2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       @anaconda 
cyrus-sasl-lib.x86_64                                2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       @anaconda 
cyrus-sasl-plain.x86_64                              2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       @anaconda 
dbus.x86_64                                          1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          @anaconda 
dbus-common.noarch                                   1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          @anaconda 
dbus-daemon.x86_64                                   1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          @anaconda 
dbus-glib.x86_64                                     0.110-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
dbus-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          @anaconda 
dbus-tools.x86_64                                    1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          @anaconda 
dejavu-fonts-common.noarch                           2.35-6.el8                                              @anaconda 
dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                             2.35-6.el8                                              @anaconda 
desktop-file-utils.x86_64                            0.23-8.el8                                              @AppStream
device-mapper.x86_64                                 8:1.02.155-6.el8                                        @anaconda 
device-mapper-event.x86_64                           8:1.02.155-6.el8                                        @anaconda 
device-mapper-event-libs.x86_64                      8:1.02.155-6.el8                                        @anaconda 
device-mapper-libs.x86_64                            8:1.02.155-6.el8                                        @anaconda 
device-mapper-multipath.x86_64                       0.7.8-7.el8_0.2                                         @anaconda 
device-mapper-multipath-libs.x86_64                  0.7.8-7.el8_0.2                                         @anaconda 
device-mapper-persistent-data.x86_64                 0.7.6-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
dhcp-client.x86_64                                   12:4.3.6-30.el8                                         @anaconda 
dhcp-common.noarch                                   12:4.3.6-30.el8                                         @anaconda 
dhcp-libs.x86_64                                     12:4.3.6-30.el8                                         @anaconda 
diffutils.x86_64                                     3.6-5.el8                                               @anaconda 
dmidecode.x86_64                                     1:3.2-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
dnf.noarch                                           4.0.9.2-5.el8                                           @anaconda 
dnf-data.noarch                                      4.0.9.2-5.el8                                           @anaconda 
dnf-plugin-spacewalk.noarch                          2.8.5-11.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                    @AppStream
dnf-plugins-core.noarch                              4.0.2.2-3.el8                                           @anaconda 
dos2unix.x86_64                                      7.4.0-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
dosfstools.x86_64                                    4.1-6.el8                                               @anaconda 
dracut.x86_64                                        049-10.git20190115.el8_0.1                              @anaconda 
dracut-config-rescue.x86_64                          049-10.git20190115.el8_0.1                              @anaconda 
dracut-network.x86_64                                049-10.git20190115.el8_0.1                              @anaconda 
dracut-squash.x86_64                                 049-10.git20190115.el8_0.1                              @anaconda 
e2fsprogs.x86_64                                     1.44.3-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
e2fsprogs-libs.x86_64                                1.44.3-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
ed.x86_64                                            1.14.2-4.el8                                            @anaconda 
elfutils-default-yama-scope.noarch                   0.174-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
elfutils-libelf.x86_64                               0.174-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
elfutils-libs.x86_64                                 0.174-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
emacs-filesystem.noarch                              1:26.1-5.el8                                            @anaconda 
ethtool.x86_64                                       2:4.16-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
expat.x86_64                                         2.2.5-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
file.x86_64                                          5.33-8.el8                                              @anaconda 
file-libs.x86_64                                     5.33-8.el8                                              @anaconda 
filesystem.x86_64                                    3.8-2.el8                                               @anaconda 
findutils.x86_64                                     1:4.6.0-20.el8                                          @anaconda 
fipscheck.x86_64                                     1.5.0-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
fipscheck-lib.x86_64                                 1.5.0-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
firewalld.noarch                                     0.6.3-7.el8                                             @anaconda 
firewalld-filesystem.noarch                          0.6.3-7.el8                                             @anaconda 
fontconfig.x86_64                                    2.13.1-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
fontpackages-filesystem.noarch                       1.44-22.el8                                             @anaconda 
fprintd.x86_64                                       0.8.1-2.el8                                             @AppStream
fprintd-pam.x86_64                                   0.8.1-2.el8                                             @AppStream
freetype.x86_64                                      2.9.1-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
fuse.x86_64                                          2.9.7-12.el8                                            @anaconda 
fuse-common.x86_64                                   3.2.1-12.el8                                            @anaconda 
fuse-libs.x86_64                                     2.9.7-12.el8                                            @anaconda 
fuse-overlayfs.x86_64                                0.3-2.module_el8.0.0+58+91b614e7                        @AppStream
fuse3-libs.x86_64                                    3.2.1-12.el8                                            @anaconda 
gawk.x86_64                                          4.2.1-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
gdbm.x86_64                                          1:1.18-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
gdbm-libs.x86_64                                     1:1.18-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
gdisk.x86_64                                         1.0.3-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
gdk-pixbuf2.x86_64                                   2.36.12-2.el8                                           @anaconda 
geolite2-city.noarch                                 20180605-1.el8                                          @AppStream
geolite2-country.noarch                              20180605-1.el8                                          @AppStream
gettext.x86_64                                       0.19.8.1-14.el8                                         @anaconda 
gettext-libs.x86_64                                  0.19.8.1-14.el8                                         @anaconda 
git.x86_64                                           2.18.1-3.el8                                            @AppStream
git-core.x86_64                                      2.18.1-3.el8                                            @AppStream
git-core-doc.noarch                                  2.18.1-3.el8                                            @AppStream
glib-networking.x86_64                               2.56.1-1.1.el8                                          @anaconda 
glib2.x86_64                                         2.56.4-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
glibc.x86_64                                         2.28-42.el8.1                                           @anaconda 
glibc-common.x86_64                                  2.28-42.el8.1                                           @anaconda 
glibc-langpack-en.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           @anaconda 
gmp.x86_64                                           1:6.1.2-8.el8                                           @anaconda 
gnupg2.x86_64                                        2.2.9-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
gnupg2-smime.x86_64                                  2.2.9-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
gnutls.x86_64                                        3.6.5-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
gobject-introspection.x86_64                         1.56.1-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
gpgme.x86_64                                         1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                                        @anaconda 
gpm-libs.x86_64                                      1.20.7-15.el8                                           @AppStream
grep.x86_64                                          3.1-6.el8                                               @anaconda 
groff-base.x86_64                                    1.22.3-18.el8                                           @anaconda 
grub2-common.noarch                                  1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       @anaconda 
grub2-pc.x86_64                                      1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       @anaconda 
grub2-pc-modules.noarch                              1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       @anaconda 
grub2-tools.x86_64                                   1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       @anaconda 
grub2-tools-extra.x86_64                             1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       @anaconda 
grub2-tools-minimal.x86_64                           1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       @anaconda 
grubby.x86_64                                        8.40-34.el8                                             @anaconda 
gsettings-desktop-schemas.x86_64                     3.28.1-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
gzip.x86_64                                          1.9-4.el8                                               @anaconda 
hardlink.x86_64                                      1:1.3-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
hdparm.x86_64                                        9.54-2.el8                                              @anaconda 
hostname.x86_64                                      3.20-6.el8                                              @anaconda 
hwdata.noarch                                        0.314-8.0.el8                                           @anaconda 
ima-evm-utils.x86_64                                 1.1-4.el8                                               @anaconda 
info.x86_64                                          6.5-4.el8                                               @anaconda 
initscripts.x86_64                                   10.00.1-1.el8_0.1                                       @anaconda 
ipcalc.x86_64                                        0.2.4-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
iproute.x86_64                                       4.18.0-11.el8                                           @anaconda 
iprutils.x86_64                                      2.4.16.1-2.el8                                          @anaconda 
ipset.x86_64                                         6.38-3.el8                                              @anaconda 
ipset-libs.x86_64                                    6.38-3.el8                                              @anaconda 
iptables.x86_64                                      1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         @anaconda 
iptables-ebtables.x86_64                             1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         @anaconda 
iptables-libs.x86_64                                 1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         @anaconda 
iptstate.x86_64                                      2.2.6-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
iputils.x86_64                                       20180629-1.el8                                          @anaconda 
irqbalance.x86_64                                    2:1.4.0-2.el8                                           @anaconda 
iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                         6.2.0.876-7.gitf3c8e90.el8                              @anaconda 
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.x86_64                6.2.0.876-7.gitf3c8e90.el8                              @anaconda 
isns-utils-libs.x86_64                               0.97-6.el8                                              @anaconda 
iwl100-firmware.noarch                               39.31.5.1-92.el8.1                                      @anaconda 
iwl1000-firmware.noarch                              1:39.31.5.1-92.el8.1                                    @anaconda 
iwl105-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-92.el8.1                                     @anaconda 
iwl135-firmware.noarch                               18.168.6.1-92.el8.1                                     @anaconda 
iwl2000-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-92.el8.1                                     @anaconda 
iwl2030-firmware.noarch                              18.168.6.1-92.el8.1                                     @anaconda 
iwl3160-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-92.el8.1                                   @anaconda 
iwl3945-firmware.noarch                              15.32.2.9-92.el8.1                                      @anaconda 
iwl4965-firmware.noarch                              228.61.2.24-92.el8.1                                    @anaconda 
iwl5000-firmware.noarch                              8.83.5.1_1-92.el8.1                                     @anaconda 
iwl5150-firmware.noarch                              8.24.2.2-92.el8.1                                       @anaconda 
iwl6000-firmware.noarch                              9.221.4.1-92.el8.1                                      @anaconda 
iwl6000g2a-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-92.el8.1                                     @anaconda 
iwl6000g2b-firmware.noarch                           18.168.6.1-92.el8.1                                     @anaconda 
iwl6050-firmware.noarch                              41.28.5.1-92.el8.1                                      @anaconda 
iwl7260-firmware.noarch                              1:25.30.13.0-92.el8.1                                   @anaconda 
jansson.x86_64                                       2.11-3.el8                                              @anaconda 
jimtcl.x86_64                                        0.77-5.el8                                              @anaconda 
jose.x86_64                                          10-2.el8                                                @AppStream
json-c.x86_64                                        0.13.1-0.2.el8                                          @anaconda 
json-glib.x86_64                                     1.4.4-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
kbd.x86_64                                           2.0.4-8.el8                                             @anaconda 
kbd-legacy.noarch                                    2.0.4-8.el8                                             @anaconda 
kbd-misc.noarch                                      2.0.4-8.el8                                             @anaconda 
kernel.x86_64                                        4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    @anaconda 
kernel-core.x86_64                                   4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    @anaconda 
kernel-modules.x86_64                                4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    @anaconda 
kernel-tools.x86_64                                  4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    @anaconda 
kernel-tools-libs.x86_64                             4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    @anaconda 
kexec-tools.x86_64                                   2.0.17-28.el8                                           @anaconda 
keyutils-libs.x86_64                                 1.5.10-6.el8                                            @anaconda 
kmod.x86_64                                          25-11.el8_0.2                                           @anaconda 
kmod-kvdo.x86_64                                     6.2.0.293-53.el8_0                                      @anaconda 
kmod-libs.x86_64                                     25-11.el8_0.2                                           @anaconda 
kpartx.x86_64                                        0.7.8-7.el8_0.2                                         @anaconda 
kpatch.noarch                                        0.6.1-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
krb5-libs.x86_64                                     1.16.1-22.el8                                           @anaconda 
langpacks-en.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              @AppStream
ledmon.x86_64                                        0.90-3.el8                                              @anaconda 
less.x86_64                                          530-1.el8                                               @anaconda 
libX11.x86_64                                        1.6.7-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
libX11-common.noarch                                 1.6.7-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
libXau.x86_64                                        1.0.8-13.el8                                            @anaconda 
libXext.x86_64                                       1.3.3-9.el8                                             @anaconda 
libXrender.x86_64                                    0.9.10-7.el8                                            @anaconda 
libacl.x86_64                                        2.2.53-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
libaio.x86_64                                        0.3.110-12.el8                                          @anaconda 
libappstream-glib.x86_64                             0.7.14-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
libarchive.x86_64                                    3.3.2-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
libassuan.x86_64                                     2.5.1-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
libatasmart.x86_64                                   0.19-14.el8                                             @AppStream
libattr.x86_64                                       2.4.48-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
libbasicobjects.x86_64                               0.1.1-39.el8                                            @anaconda 
libblkid.x86_64                                      2.32.1-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
libblockdev.x86_64                                   2.19-7.el8                                              @AppStream
libblockdev-crypto.x86_64                            2.19-7.el8                                              @AppStream
libblockdev-fs.x86_64                                2.19-7.el8                                              @AppStream
libblockdev-loop.x86_64                              2.19-7.el8                                              @AppStream
libblockdev-lvm.x86_64                               2.19-7.el8                                              @AppStream
libblockdev-mdraid.x86_64                            2.19-7.el8                                              @AppStream
libblockdev-part.x86_64                              2.19-7.el8                                              @AppStream
libblockdev-swap.x86_64                              2.19-7.el8                                              @AppStream
libblockdev-utils.x86_64                             2.19-7.el8                                              @AppStream
libbytesize.x86_64                                   1.4-1.el8                                               @AppStream
libcap.x86_64                                        2.25-9.el8                                              @anaconda 
libcap-ng.x86_64                                     0.7.9-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
libcollection.x86_64                                 0.7.0-39.el8                                            @anaconda 
libcom_err.x86_64                                    1.44.3-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
libcomps.x86_64                                      0.1.8-13.el8                                            @anaconda 
libconfig.x86_64                                     1.5-9.el8                                               @anaconda 
libcroco.x86_64                                      0.6.12-4.el8                                            @anaconda 
libcurl.x86_64                                       7.61.1-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
libdaemon.x86_64                                     0.14-15.el8                                             @anaconda 
libdb.x86_64                                         5.3.28-36.el8                                           @anaconda 
libdb-utils.x86_64                                   5.3.28-36.el8                                           @anaconda 
libdhash.x86_64                                      0.5.0-39.el8                                            @anaconda 
libdnet.x86_64                                       1.12-26.el8                                             @AppStream
libdnf.x86_64                                        0.22.5-5.el8_0                                          @anaconda 
libdrm.x86_64                                        2.4.96-2.el8                                            @AppStream
libedit.x86_64                                       3.1-23.20170329cvs.el8                                  @anaconda 
libertas-usb8388-firmware.noarch                     2:20190111-92.gitd9fb2ee6.el8                           @anaconda 
libestr.x86_64                                       0.1.10-1.el8                                            @AppStream
libevent.x86_64                                      2.1.8-5.el8                                             @anaconda 
libfastjson.x86_64                                   0.99.8-2.el8                                            @AppStream
libfdisk.x86_64                                      2.32.1-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
libffi.x86_64                                        3.1-18.el8                                              @anaconda 
libfprint.x86_64                                     0.8.2-1.el8.0.1                                         @AppStream
libgcc.x86_64                                        8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           @anaconda 
libgcrypt.x86_64                                     1.8.3-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
libgomp.x86_64                                       8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           @anaconda 
libgpg-error.x86_64                                  1.31-1.el8                                              @anaconda 
libgudev.x86_64                                      232-4.el8                                               @anaconda 
libicu.x86_64                                        60.2-7.el8                                              @anaconda 
libidn2.x86_64                                       2.0.5-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
libini_config.x86_64                                 1.3.1-39.el8                                            @anaconda 
libipa_hbac.x86_64                                   2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
libjose.x86_64                                       10-2.el8                                                @AppStream
libkcapi.x86_64                                      1.1.1-16_1.el8                                          @anaconda 
libkcapi-hmaccalc.x86_64                             1.1.1-16_1.el8                                          @anaconda 
libksba.x86_64                                       1.3.5-7.el8                                             @anaconda 
libldb.x86_64                                        1.4.2-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
libluksmeta.x86_64                                   9-2.el8                                                 @AppStream
libmaxminddb.x86_64                                  1.2.0-6.el8                                             @AppStream
libmetalink.x86_64                                   0.1.3-7.el8                                             @anaconda 
libmnl.x86_64                                        1.0.4-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
libmodman.x86_64                                     2.0.1-17.el8                                            @anaconda 
libmodulemd1.x86_64                                  1.8.0-5.el8                                             @anaconda 
libmount.x86_64                                      2.32.1-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
libmspack.x86_64                                     0.7-0.1.alpha.el8.3                                     @AppStream
libndp.x86_64                                        1.6-6.el8                                               @anaconda 
libnet.x86_64                                        1.1.6-15.el8                                            @AppStream
libnetfilter_conntrack.x86_64                        1.0.6-5.el8                                             @anaconda 
libnfnetlink.x86_64                                  1.0.1-13.el8                                            @anaconda 
libnfsidmap.x86_64                                   1:2.3.3-14.el8_0.2                                      @anaconda 
libnftnl.x86_64                                      1.1.1-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
libnghttp2.x86_64                                    1.33.0-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
libnl3.x86_64                                        3.4.0-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
libnl3-cli.x86_64                                    3.4.0-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
libnsl2.x86_64                                       1.2.0-2.20180605git4a062cf.el8                          @anaconda 
libpath_utils.x86_64                                 0.2.1-39.el8                                            @anaconda 
libpcap.x86_64                                       14:1.9.0-1.el8                                          @anaconda 
libpciaccess.x86_64                                  0.14-1.el8                                              @anaconda 
libpipeline.x86_64                                   1.5.0-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
libpkgconf.x86_64                                    1.4.2-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
libpng.x86_64                                        2:1.6.34-5.el8                                          @anaconda 
libproxy.x86_64                                      0.4.15-5.2.el8                                          @anaconda 
libpsl.x86_64                                        0.20.2-5.el8                                            @anaconda 
libpwquality.x86_64                                  1.4.0-9.el8                                             @anaconda 
libref_array.x86_64                                  0.1.5-39.el8                                            @anaconda 
librelp.x86_64                                       1.2.16-1.el8                                            @AppStream
librepo.x86_64                                       1.9.2-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
libreport-filesystem.x86_64                          2.9.5-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
libseccomp.x86_64                                    2.3.3-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
libsecret.x86_64                                     0.18.6-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
libselinux.x86_64                                    2.8-6.el8                                               @anaconda 
libselinux-utils.x86_64                              2.8-6.el8                                               @anaconda 
libsemanage.x86_64                                   2.8-5.el8                                               @anaconda 
libsepol.x86_64                                      2.8-2.el8                                               @anaconda 
libsigsegv.x86_64                                    2.11-5.el8                                              @anaconda 
libsmartcols.x86_64                                  2.32.1-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
libsmbclient.x86_64                                  4.9.1-8.el8                                             @anaconda 
libsolv.x86_64                                       0.6.35-6.el8                                            @anaconda 
libsoup.x86_64                                       2.62.3-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
libss.x86_64                                         1.44.3-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
libssh.x86_64                                        0.8.5-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
libsss_autofs.x86_64                                 2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
libsss_certmap.x86_64                                2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
libsss_idmap.x86_64                                  2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                              2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
libsss_sudo.x86_64                                   2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
libstdc++.x86_64                                     8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           @anaconda 
libstemmer.x86_64                                    0-10.585svn.el8                                         @anaconda 
libstoragemgmt.x86_64                                1.6.2-9.el8                                             @anaconda 
libsysfs.x86_64                                      2.1.0-24.el8                                            @anaconda 
libtalloc.x86_64                                     2.1.14-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
libtasn1.x86_64                                      4.13-3.el8                                              @anaconda 
libtdb.x86_64                                        1.3.16-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
libteam.x86_64                                       1.27-10.el8                                             @anaconda 
libtevent.x86_64                                     0.9.37-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
libtirpc.x86_64                                      1.1.4-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
libtool-ltdl.x86_64                                  2.4.6-25.el8                                            @anaconda 
libudisks2.x86_64                                    2.8.0-2.el8                                             @AppStream
libunistring.x86_64                                  0.9.9-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
libusbx.x86_64                                       1.0.22-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
libuser.x86_64                                       0.62-21.el8                                             @anaconda 
libutempter.x86_64                                   1.1.6-14.el8                                            @anaconda 
libuuid.x86_64                                       2.32.1-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
libverto.x86_64                                      0.3.0-5.el8                                             @anaconda 
libwbclient.x86_64                                   4.9.1-8.el8                                             @anaconda 
libxcb.x86_64                                        1.13-5.el8                                              @anaconda 
libxcrypt.x86_64                                     4.1.1-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
libxkbcommon.x86_64                                  0.8.2-1.el8                                             @AppStream
libxml2.x86_64                                       2.9.7-5.el8                                             @anaconda 
libxslt.x86_64                                       1.1.32-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
libyaml.x86_64                                       0.1.7-5.el8                                             @anaconda 
linux-firmware.noarch                                20190111-92.gitd9fb2ee6.el8                             @anaconda 
logrotate.x86_64                                     3.14.0-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
lshw.x86_64                                          B.02.18-16.el8                                          @anaconda 
lsof.x86_64                                          4.91-2.el8                                              @anaconda 
lsscsi.x86_64                                        0.30-1.el8                                              @anaconda 
lua-libs.x86_64                                      5.3.4-10.el8                                            @anaconda 
luksmeta.x86_64                                      9-2.el8                                                 @AppStream
lvm2.x86_64                                          8:2.03.02-6.el8                                         @anaconda 
lvm2-libs.x86_64                                     8:2.03.02-6.el8                                         @anaconda 
lz4-libs.x86_64                                      1.8.1.2-4.el8                                           @anaconda 
lzo.x86_64                                           2.08-14.el8                                             @anaconda 
mailcap.noarch                                       2.1.48-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
man-db.x86_64                                        2.7.6.1-17.el8                                          @anaconda 
man-pages.x86_64                                     4.15-6.el8                                              @anaconda 
mcelog.x86_64                                        3:159-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
mdadm.x86_64                                         4.1-4.el8                                               @anaconda 
microcode_ctl.x86_64                                 4:20180807a-2.20190618.1.el8_0                          @anaconda 
mlocate.x86_64                                       0.26-20.el8                                             @anaconda 
mozjs52.x86_64                                       52.9.0-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
mpfr.x86_64                                          3.1.6-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
mtr.x86_64                                           2:0.92-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
nano.x86_64                                          2.9.8-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
ncurses.x86_64                                       6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      @anaconda 
ncurses-base.noarch                                  6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      @anaconda 
ncurses-libs.x86_64                                  6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      @anaconda 
net-tools.x86_64                                     2.0-0.51.20160912git.el8                                @anaconda 
nettle.x86_64                                        3.4.1-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
newt.x86_64                                          0.52.20-9.el8                                           @anaconda 
nftables.x86_64                                      1:0.9.0-8.el8                                           @anaconda 
nmap-ncat.x86_64                                     2:7.70-4.el8                                            @AppStream
npth.x86_64                                          1.5-4.el8                                               @anaconda 
nspr.x86_64                                          4.21.0-2.el8_0                                          @AppStream
nss.x86_64                                           3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          @AppStream
nss-softokn.x86_64                                   3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          @AppStream
nss-softokn-freebl.x86_64                            3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          @AppStream
nss-sysinit.x86_64                                   3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          @AppStream
nss-util.x86_64                                      3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          @AppStream
numactl-libs.x86_64                                  2.0.12-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
oci-systemd-hook.x86_64                              1:0.1.15-2.git2d0b8a3.module_el8.0.0+58+91b614e7        @AppStream
open-vm-tools.x86_64                                 10.3.0-2.el8                                            @AppStream
openldap.x86_64                                      2.4.46-9.el8                                            @anaconda 
openssh.x86_64                                       7.8p1-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
openssh-clients.x86_64                               7.8p1-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
openssh-server.x86_64                                7.8p1-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
openssl.x86_64                                       1:1.1.1-8.el8                                           @anaconda 
openssl-libs.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1-8.el8                                           @anaconda 
openssl-pkcs11.x86_64                                0.4.8-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
os-prober.x86_64                                     1.74-6.el8                                              @anaconda 
ostree-libs.x86_64                                   2018.8-2.el8                                            @AppStream
p11-kit.x86_64                                       0.23.14-5.el8_0                                         @anaconda 
p11-kit-trust.x86_64                                 0.23.14-5.el8_0                                         @anaconda 
pam.x86_64                                           1.3.1-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
parted.x86_64                                        3.2-36.el8                                              @anaconda 
passwd.x86_64                                        0.80-2.el8                                              @anaconda 
pciutils.x86_64                                      3.5.6-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
pciutils-libs.x86_64                                 3.5.6-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
pcre.x86_64                                          8.42-4.el8                                              @anaconda 
pcre2.x86_64                                         10.32-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
perl-Carp.noarch                                     1.42-396.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Data-Dumper.x86_64                              2.167-399.el8                                           @BaseOS   
perl-Digest.noarch                                   1.17-395.el8                                            @AppStream
perl-Digest-MD5.x86_64                               2.55-396.el8                                            @AppStream
perl-Encode.x86_64                                   4:2.97-3.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Errno.x86_64                                    1.28-416.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Error.noarch                                    1:0.17025-2.el8                                         @AppStream
perl-Exporter.noarch                                 5.72-396.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-File-Path.noarch                                2.15-2.el8                                              @BaseOS   
perl-File-Temp.noarch                                0.230.600-1.el8                                         @BaseOS   
perl-Getopt-Long.noarch                              1:2.50-4.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Git.noarch                                      2.18.1-3.el8                                            @AppStream
perl-HTTP-Tiny.noarch                                0.074-1.el8                                             @BaseOS   
perl-IO.x86_64                                       1.38-416.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-IO-Socket-IP.noarch                             0.39-5.el8                                              @AppStream
perl-IO-Socket-SSL.noarch                            2.060-2.el8                                             @AppStream
perl-MIME-Base64.x86_64                              3.15-396.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Mozilla-CA.noarch                               20160104-7.el8                                          @AppStream
perl-Net-SSLeay.x86_64                               1.85-6.el8                                              @AppStream
perl-PathTools.x86_64                                3.74-1.el8                                              @BaseOS   
perl-Pod-Escapes.noarch                              1:1.07-395.el8                                          @BaseOS   
perl-Pod-Perldoc.noarch                              3.28-396.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Pod-Simple.noarch                               1:3.35-395.el8                                          @BaseOS   
perl-Pod-Usage.noarch                                4:1.69-395.el8                                          @BaseOS   
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.x86_64                        3:1.49-2.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Socket.x86_64                                   4:2.027-2.el8                                           @BaseOS   
perl-Storable.x86_64                                 1:3.11-3.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Term-ANSIColor.noarch                           4.06-396.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Term-Cap.noarch                                 1.17-395.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-TermReadKey.x86_64                              2.37-7.el8                                              @AppStream
perl-Text-ParseWords.noarch                          3.30-395.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-Text-Tabs+Wrap.noarch                           2013.0523-395.el8                                       @BaseOS   
perl-Time-Local.noarch                               1:1.280-1.el8                                           @BaseOS   
perl-URI.noarch                                      1.73-3.el8                                              @AppStream
perl-Unicode-Normalize.x86_64                        1.25-396.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-constant.noarch                                 1.33-396.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-interpreter.x86_64                              4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        @BaseOS   
perl-libnet.noarch                                   3.11-3.el8                                              @AppStream
perl-libs.x86_64                                     4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        @BaseOS   
perl-macros.x86_64                                   4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        @BaseOS   
perl-parent.noarch                                   1:0.237-1.el8                                           @BaseOS   
perl-podlators.noarch                                4.11-1.el8                                              @BaseOS   
perl-threads.x86_64                                  1:2.21-2.el8                                            @BaseOS   
perl-threads-shared.x86_64                           1.58-2.el8                                              @BaseOS   
pigz.x86_64                                          2.4-2.el8                                               @anaconda 
pinentry.x86_64                                      1.1.0-2.el8                                             @AppStream
pinfo.x86_64                                         0.6.10-18.el8                                           @AppStream
pixman.x86_64                                        0.36.0-1.el8                                            @AppStream
pkgconf.x86_64                                       1.4.2-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
pkgconf-m4.noarch                                    1.4.2-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
pkgconf-pkg-config.x86_64                            1.4.2-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
platform-python.x86_64                               3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           @anaconda 
platform-python-pip.noarch                           9.0.3-13.el8                                            @anaconda 
platform-python-setuptools.noarch                    39.2.0-4.el8                                            @anaconda 
plymouth.x86_64                                      0.9.3-12.el8                                            @AppStream
plymouth-core-libs.x86_64                            0.9.3-12.el8                                            @AppStream
plymouth-scripts.x86_64                              0.9.3-12.el8                                            @AppStream
podman.x86_64                                        1.0.5-1.gitf604175.module_el8.0.0+194+ac560166          @AppStream
policycoreutils.x86_64                               2.8-16.1.el8                                            @anaconda 
policycoreutils-python-utils.noarch                  2.8-16.1.el8                                            @anaconda 
polkit.x86_64                                        0.115-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
polkit-libs.x86_64                                   0.115-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
polkit-pkla-compat.x86_64                            0.1-12.el8                                              @anaconda 
popt.x86_64                                          1.16-14.el8                                             @anaconda 
prefixdevname.x86_64                                 0.1.0-6.el8                                             @anaconda 
procps-ng.x86_64                                     3.3.15-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
protobuf-c.x86_64                                    1.3.0-4.el8                                             @AppStream
psacct.x86_64                                        6.6.3-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
publicsuffix-list-dafsa.noarch                       20180723-1.el8                                          @anaconda 
python3-asn1crypto.noarch                            0.24.0-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-audit.x86_64                                 3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         @anaconda 
python3-bind.noarch                                  32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 @AppStream
python3-cairo.x86_64                                 1.16.3-6.el8                                            @AppStream
python3-cffi.x86_64                                  1.11.5-5.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-configobj.noarch                             5.0.6-11.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-cryptography.x86_64                          2.3-2.el8                                               @anaconda 
python3-dateutil.noarch                              1:2.6.1-6.el8                                           @anaconda 
python3-dbus.x86_64                                  1.2.4-14.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-decorator.noarch                             4.2.1-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
python3-dmidecode.x86_64                             3.12.2-13.el8                                           @anaconda 
python3-dnf.noarch                                   4.0.9.2-5.el8                                           @anaconda 
python3-dnf-plugin-spacewalk.noarch                  2.8.5-11.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                    @AppStream
python3-dnf-plugins-core.noarch                      4.0.2.2-3.el8                                           @anaconda 
python3-firewall.noarch                              0.6.3-7.el8                                             @anaconda 
python3-gobject.x86_64                               3.28.3-1.el8                                            @AppStream
python3-gobject-base.x86_64                          3.28.3-1.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-gpg.x86_64                                   1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                                        @anaconda 
python3-hawkey.x86_64                                0.22.5-5.el8_0                                          @anaconda 
python3-hwdata.noarch                                2.3.6-3.el8                                             @AppStream
python3-idna.noarch                                  2.5-5.el8                                               @anaconda 
python3-iniparse.noarch                              0.4-31.el8                                              @anaconda 
python3-libcomps.x86_64                              0.1.8-13.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-libdnf.x86_64                                0.22.5-5.el8_0                                          @anaconda 
python3-librepo.x86_64                               1.9.2-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
python3-libs.x86_64                                  3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           @anaconda 
python3-libselinux.x86_64                            2.8-6.el8                                               @anaconda 
python3-libsemanage.x86_64                           2.8-5.el8                                               @anaconda 
python3-libstoragemgmt.noarch                        1.6.2-9.el8                                             @anaconda 
python3-libstoragemgmt-clibs.x86_64                  1.6.2-9.el8                                             @anaconda 
python3-libxml2.x86_64                               2.9.7-5.el8                                             @anaconda 
python3-linux-procfs.noarch                          0.6-6.el8                                               @anaconda 
python3-netifaces.x86_64                             0.10.6-4.el8                                            @AppStream
python3-newt.x86_64                                  0.52.20-9.el8                                           @AppStream
python3-perf.x86_64                                  4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    @anaconda 
python3-ply.noarch                                   3.9-7.el8                                               @anaconda 
python3-policycoreutils.noarch                       2.8-16.1.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-pyOpenSSL.noarch                             18.0.0-1.el8                                            @AppStream
python3-pycparser.noarch                             2.14-14.el8                                             @anaconda 
python3-pyudev.noarch                                0.21.0-7.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-pyyaml.x86_64                                3.12-12.el8                                             @anaconda 
python3-rhn-client-tools.x86_64                      2.8.16-13.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                   @AppStream
python3-rhnlib.noarch                                2.8.6-8.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                     @AppStream
python3-rpm.x86_64                                   4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         @anaconda 
python3-schedutils.x86_64                            0.6-5.el8                                               @anaconda 
python3-setools.x86_64                               4.2.0-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
python3-six.noarch                                   1.11.0-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-slip.noarch                                  0.6.4-11.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-slip-dbus.noarch                             0.6.4-11.el8                                            @anaconda 
python3-sssdconfig.noarch                            2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
python3-syspurpose.x86_64                            1.23.8-35.el8                                           @anaconda 
python3-systemd.x86_64                               234-8.el8                                               @AppStream
python3-unbound.x86_64                               1.7.3-8.el8                                             @AppStream
quota.x86_64                                         1:4.04-10.el8                                           @anaconda 
quota-nls.noarch                                     1:4.04-10.el8                                           @anaconda 
readline.x86_64                                      7.0-10.el8                                              @anaconda 
realmd.x86_64                                        0.16.3-16.el8                                           @anaconda 
rhn-client-tools.x86_64                              2.8.16-13.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                   @AppStream
rng-tools.x86_64                                     6.6-2.el8                                               @anaconda 
rootfiles.noarch                                     8.1-22.el8                                              @anaconda 
rpm.x86_64                                           4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         @anaconda 
rpm-build-libs.x86_64                                4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         @anaconda 
rpm-libs.x86_64                                      4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         @anaconda 
rpm-plugin-selinux.x86_64                            4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         @anaconda 
rpm-plugin-systemd-inhibit.x86_64                    4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         @anaconda 
rsync.x86_64                                         3.1.3-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
rsyslog.x86_64                                       8.37.0-9.el8                                            @AppStream
rsyslog-gnutls.x86_64                                8.37.0-9.el8                                            @AppStream
rsyslog-gssapi.x86_64                                8.37.0-9.el8                                            @AppStream
rsyslog-relp.x86_64                                  8.37.0-9.el8                                            @AppStream
runc.x86_64                                          1.0.0-55.rc5.dev.git2abd837.module_el8.0.0+58+91b614e7  @AppStream
samba-client-libs.x86_64                             4.9.1-8.el8                                             @anaconda 
samba-common.noarch                                  4.9.1-8.el8                                             @anaconda 
samba-common-libs.x86_64                             4.9.1-8.el8                                             @anaconda 
sed.x86_64                                           4.5-1.el8                                               @anaconda 
selinux-policy.noarch                                3.14.1-61.el8_0.2                                       @anaconda 
selinux-policy-targeted.noarch                       3.14.1-61.el8_0.2                                       @anaconda 
setroubleshoot-plugins.noarch                        3.3.10-1.el8                                            @AppStream
setroubleshoot-server.x86_64                         3.3.19-1.el8                                            @AppStream
setup.noarch                                         2.12.2-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
sg3_utils.x86_64                                     1.44-2.el8                                              @anaconda 
sg3_utils-libs.x86_64                                1.44-2.el8                                              @anaconda 
shadow-utils.x86_64                                  2:4.6-7.el8                                             @anaconda 
shared-mime-info.x86_64                              1.9-3.el8                                               @anaconda 
slang.x86_64                                         2.3.2-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
slirp4netns.x86_64                                   0.1-2.dev.gitc4e1bc5.module_el8.0.0+58+91b614e7         @AppStream
smartmontools.x86_64                                 1:6.6-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
snappy.x86_64                                        1.1.7-5.el8                                             @anaconda 
sos.noarch                                           3.6-10.el8_0.3                                          @anaconda 
sqlite.x86_64                                        3.26.0-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
sqlite-libs.x86_64                                   3.26.0-3.el8                                            @anaconda 
squashfs-tools.x86_64                                4.3-17.el8                                              @anaconda 
sscg.x86_64                                          2.3.3-6.el8                                             @AppStream
sssd.x86_64                                          2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-ad.x86_64                                       2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-client.x86_64                                   2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-common.x86_64                                   2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-common-pac.x86_64                               2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-ipa.x86_64                                      2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-kcm.x86_64                                      2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-krb5.x86_64                                     2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-krb5-common.x86_64                              2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-ldap.x86_64                                     2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-nfs-idmap.x86_64                                2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
sssd-proxy.x86_64                                    2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        @anaconda 
strace.x86_64                                        4.24-3.el8                                              @anaconda 
sudo.x86_64                                          1.8.25p1-4.el8                                          @anaconda 
symlinks.x86_64                                      1.4-19.el8                                              @anaconda 
systemd.x86_64                                       239-13.el8_0.5                                          @anaconda 
systemd-libs.x86_64                                  239-13.el8_0.5                                          @anaconda 
systemd-pam.x86_64                                   239-13.el8_0.5                                          @anaconda 
systemd-udev.x86_64                                  239-13.el8_0.5                                          @anaconda 
tar.x86_64                                           2:1.30-4.el8                                            @anaconda 
tcpdump.x86_64                                       14:4.9.2-5.el8                                          @AppStream
teamd.x86_64                                         1.27-10.el8                                             @anaconda 
time.x86_64                                          1.9-3.el8                                               @anaconda 
timedatex.x86_64                                     0.5-3.el8                                               @anaconda 
tpm2-tools.x86_64                                    3.1.1-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
tpm2-tss.x86_64                                      2.0.0-4.el8                                             @anaconda 
tree.x86_64                                          1.7.0-15.el8                                            @anaconda 
trousers.x86_64                                      0.3.14-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
trousers-lib.x86_64                                  0.3.14-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
tuned.noarch                                         2.10.0-15.el8                                           @anaconda 
tzdata.noarch                                        2019a-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
udisks2.x86_64                                       2.8.0-2.el8                                             @AppStream
udisks2-iscsi.x86_64                                 2.8.0-2.el8                                             @AppStream
udisks2-lvm2.x86_64                                  2.8.0-2.el8                                             @AppStream
unbound-libs.x86_64                                  1.7.3-8.el8                                             @AppStream
unzip.x86_64                                         6.0-41.el8                                              @anaconda 
usb_modeswitch.x86_64                                2.5.2-1.el8                                             @anaconda 
usb_modeswitch-data.noarch                           20170806-2.el8                                          @anaconda 
usbutils.x86_64                                      010-3.el8                                               @anaconda 
userspace-rcu.x86_64                                 0.10.1-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
util-linux.x86_64                                    2.32.1-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
util-linux-user.x86_64                               2.32.1-8.el8                                            @anaconda 
vdo.x86_64                                           6.2.0.298-10.el8_0                                      @anaconda 
vim-common.x86_64                                    2:8.0.1763-10.el8                                       @AppStream
vim-enhanced.x86_64                                  2:8.0.1763-10.el8                                       @AppStream
vim-filesystem.noarch                                2:8.0.1763-10.el8                                       @AppStream
vim-minimal.x86_64                                   2:8.0.1763-10.el8                                       @anaconda 
virt-what.x86_64                                     1.18-6.el8                                              @anaconda 
volume_key-libs.x86_64                               0.3.11-4.el8                                            @AppStream
wget.x86_64                                          1.19.5-7.el8_0.1                                        @AppStream
which.x86_64                                         2.21-10.el8                                             @anaconda 
words.noarch                                         3.0-28.el8                                              @anaconda 
xdg-utils.noarch                                     1.1.2-5.el8                                             @AppStream
xfsdump.x86_64                                       3.1.8-2.el8                                             @anaconda 
xfsprogs.x86_64                                      4.19.0-2.el8                                            @anaconda 
xkeyboard-config.noarch                              2.24-3.el8                                              @AppStream
xmlsec1.x86_64                                       1.2.25-4.el8                                            @AppStream
xmlsec1-openssl.x86_64                               1.2.25-4.el8                                            @AppStream
xz.x86_64                                            5.2.4-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
xz-libs.x86_64                                       5.2.4-3.el8                                             @anaconda 
yajl.x86_64                                          2.1.0-10.el8                                            @AppStream
yum.noarch                                           4.0.9.2-5.el8                                           @anaconda 
zip.x86_64                                           3.0-23.el8                                              @anaconda 
zlib.x86_64                                          1.2.11-10.el8                                           @anaconda 
Available Packages
CUnit.i686                                           2.1.3-17.el8                                            AppStream 
CUnit.x86_64                                         2.1.3-17.el8                                            AppStream 
GConf2.i686                                          3.2.6-22.el8                                            AppStream 
GConf2.x86_64                                        3.2.6-22.el8                                            AppStream 
Judy.x86_64                                          1.0.5-18.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                     AppStream 
LibRaw.i686                                          0.19.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
LibRaw.x86_64                                        0.19.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
ModemManager.i686                                    1.8.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
ModemManager.x86_64                                  1.8.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
ModemManager-glib.i686                               1.8.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
ModemManager-glib.x86_64                             1.8.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
NetworkManager.i686                                  1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-adsl.i686                             1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-adsl.x86_64                           1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-bluetooth.i686                        1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-bluetooth.x86_64                      1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-config-connectivity-redhat.noarch     1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-dispatcher-routing-rules.noarch       1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-libnm.i686                            1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-libreswan.x86_64                      1.2.10-3.el8                                            AppStream 
NetworkManager-libreswan-gnome.x86_64                1.2.10-3.el8                                            AppStream 
NetworkManager-ovs.x86_64                            1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-ppp.x86_64                            1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-team.i686                             1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-tui.i686                              1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-wifi.i686                             1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-wifi.x86_64                           1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-wwan.i686                             1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
NetworkManager-wwan.x86_64                           1:1.14.0-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
OpenEXR-libs.i686                                    2.2.0-11.el8                                            AppStream 
OpenEXR-libs.x86_64                                  2.2.0-11.el8                                            AppStream 
OpenIPMI.i686                                        2.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
OpenIPMI.x86_64                                      2.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
OpenIPMI-lanserv.i686                                2.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
OpenIPMI-lanserv.x86_64                              2.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
OpenIPMI-libs.i686                                   2.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
OpenIPMI-libs.x86_64                                 2.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
OpenIPMI-perl.i686                                   2.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
OpenIPMI-perl.x86_64                                 2.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
PackageKit-command-not-found.x86_64                  1.1.12-2.el8                                            AppStream 
PackageKit-cron.x86_64                               1.1.12-2.el8                                            AppStream 
PackageKit-glib.i686                                 1.1.12-2.el8                                            AppStream 
PackageKit-gstreamer-plugin.x86_64                   1.1.12-2.el8                                            AppStream 
PackageKit-gtk3-module.i686                          1.1.12-2.el8                                            AppStream 
PackageKit-gtk3-module.x86_64                        1.1.12-2.el8                                            AppStream 
SDL.i686                                             1.2.15-32.el8                                           AppStream 
SDL.x86_64                                           1.2.15-32.el8                                           AppStream 
SDL-devel.i686                                       1.2.15-32.el8                                           AppStream 
SDL-devel.x86_64                                     1.2.15-32.el8                                           AppStream 
WALinuxAgent.noarch                                  2.2.32-1.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
Xaw3d.i686                                           1.6.2-14.el8                                            AppStream 
Xaw3d.x86_64                                         1.6.2-14.el8                                            AppStream 
aajohan-comfortaa-fonts.noarch                       3.001-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.0.25-4.el8                                            AppStream 
abattis-cantarell-fonts.noarch                       0.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
abrt.x86_64                                          2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-addon-ccpp.x86_64                               2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-addon-coredump-helper.x86_64                    2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-addon-kerneloops.x86_64                         2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-addon-pstoreoops.x86_64                         2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-addon-vmcore.x86_64                             2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-addon-xorg.x86_64                               2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-cli.x86_64                                      2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-cli-ng.x86_64                                   2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-console-notification.x86_64                     2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-dbus.x86_64                                     2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-desktop.x86_64                                  2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-gui.x86_64                                      2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-gui-libs.i686                                   2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-gui-libs.x86_64                                 2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-java-connector.x86_64                           1.1.0-15.el8                                            AppStream 
abrt-libs.i686                                       2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-libs.x86_64                                     2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-plugin-machine-id.x86_64                        2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-plugin-sosreport.x86_64                         2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
abrt-tui.x86_64                                      2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
accountsservice.x86_64                               0.6.50-6.el8                                            AppStream 
accountsservice-libs.i686                            0.6.50-6.el8                                            AppStream 
accountsservice-libs.x86_64                          0.6.50-6.el8                                            AppStream 
acl.i686                                             2.2.53-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
acpica-tools.x86_64                                  20180629-3.el8                                          BaseOS    
acpid.x86_64                                         2.0.30-2.el8                                            AppStream 
adcli-doc.noarch                                     0.8.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
adobe-mappings-cmap.noarch                           20171205-3.el8                                          AppStream 
adobe-mappings-cmap-deprecated.noarch                20171205-3.el8                                          AppStream 
adobe-mappings-pdf.noarch                            20180407-1.el8                                          AppStream 
adwaita-cursor-theme.noarch                          3.28.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.i686                              3.22.3-4.el8                                            AppStream 
adwaita-gtk2-theme.x86_64                            3.22.3-4.el8                                            AppStream 
adwaita-icon-theme.noarch                            3.28.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
adwaita-qt.i686                                      1.0-5.el8                                               AppStream 
adwaita-qt.x86_64                                    1.0-5.el8                                               AppStream 
aide.x86_64                                          0.16-8.el8                                              AppStream 
alsa-firmware.noarch                                 1.0.29-6.el8                                            AppStream 
alsa-lib.i686                                        1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-lib.x86_64                                      1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-lib-devel.i686                                  1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-lib-devel.x86_64                                1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-arcamav.i686                            1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-arcamav.x86_64                          1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-maemo.i686                              1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-maemo.x86_64                            1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-oss.i686                                1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-oss.x86_64                              1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.i686                         1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                       1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-samplerate.i686                         1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-samplerate.x86_64                       1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-speex.i686                              1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-speex.x86_64                            1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-upmix.i686                              1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-upmix.x86_64                            1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-usbstream.i686                          1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-usbstream.x86_64                        1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-vdownmix.i686                           1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-plugins-vdownmix.x86_64                         1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-tools-firmware.x86_64                           1.1.6-1.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-ucm.x86_64                                      1.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-utils.x86_64                                    1.1.6-2.el8                                             AppStream 
alsa-utils-alsabat.x86_64                            1.1.6-2.el8                                             AppStream 
amanda.x86_64                                        3.5.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
amanda-client.x86_64                                 3.5.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
amanda-libs.x86_64                                   3.5.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
amanda-server.x86_64                                 3.5.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
anaconda.x86_64                                      29.19.0.43-1.el8_0                                      AppStream 
anaconda-core.x86_64                                 29.19.0.43-1.el8_0                                      AppStream 
anaconda-dracut.x86_64                               29.19.0.43-1.el8_0                                      AppStream 
anaconda-gui.x86_64                                  29.19.0.43-1.el8_0                                      AppStream 
anaconda-install-env-deps.x86_64                     29.19.0.43-1.el8_0                                      AppStream 
anaconda-tui.x86_64                                  29.19.0.43-1.el8_0                                      AppStream 
anaconda-user-help.noarch                            1:8.0.9-1.el8                                           AppStream 
anaconda-widgets.i686                                29.19.0.43-1.el8_0                                      AppStream 
anaconda-widgets.x86_64                              29.19.0.43-1.el8_0                                      AppStream 
annobin.x86_64                                       8.64-1.el8                                              AppStream 
ant.noarch                                           1.10.5-1.module_el8.0.0+47+197dca37                     AppStream 
ant-lib.noarch                                       1.10.5-1.module_el8.0.0+47+197dca37                     AppStream 
aopalliance.noarch                                   1.0-17.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
apache-commons-cli.noarch                            1.4-4.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                        AppStream 
apache-commons-codec.noarch                          1.11-3.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
apache-commons-collections-javadoc.noarch            3.2.2-10.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
apache-commons-collections-testframework.noarch      3.2.2-10.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
apache-commons-io.noarch                             1:2.6-3.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
apache-commons-lang-javadoc.noarch                   2.6-21.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                       AppStream 
apache-commons-lang3.noarch                          3.7-3.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                        AppStream 
apache-commons-logging.noarch                        1.2-13.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
apcu-panel.noarch                                    5.1.12-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
appstream-data.noarch                                8-20190215.el8_0                                        AppStream 
apr.i686                                             1.6.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
apr.x86_64                                           1.6.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-devel.i686                                       1.6.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-devel.x86_64                                     1.6.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util.i686                                        1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util.x86_64                                      1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-bdb.i686                                    1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-bdb.x86_64                                  1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-devel.i686                                  1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-devel.x86_64                                1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-ldap.x86_64                                 1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-mysql.x86_64                                1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-odbc.x86_64                                 1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-openssl.i686                                1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-openssl.x86_64                              1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-pgsql.x86_64                                1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
apr-util-sqlite.x86_64                               1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
arpwatch.i686                                        14:2.1a15-42.el8                                        BaseOS    
arpwatch.x86_64                                      14:2.1a15-42.el8                                        BaseOS    
asciidoc.noarch                                      8.6.10-0.5.20180627gitf7c2274.el8                       AppStream 
aspell.i686                                          12:0.60.6.1-21.el8                                      AppStream 
aspell.x86_64                                        12:0.60.6.1-21.el8                                      AppStream 
aspell-en.x86_64                                     50:2017.08.24-2.el8                                     AppStream 
at.i686                                              3.1.20-11.el8                                           BaseOS    
at-spi2-atk.i686                                     2.26.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
at-spi2-atk.x86_64                                   2.26.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
at-spi2-atk-devel.i686                               2.26.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
at-spi2-atk-devel.x86_64                             2.26.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
at-spi2-core.i686                                    2.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
at-spi2-core.x86_64                                  2.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
at-spi2-core-devel.i686                              2.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
at-spi2-core-devel.x86_64                            2.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
atinject.noarch                                      1-28.20100611svn86.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22           AppStream 
atk.i686                                             2.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
atk.x86_64                                           2.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
atk-devel.i686                                       2.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
atk-devel.x86_64                                     2.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
atkmm.i686                                           2.24.2-6.el8                                            AppStream 
atkmm.x86_64                                         2.24.2-6.el8                                            AppStream 
atlas.i686                                           3.10.3-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
atlas.x86_64                                         3.10.3-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
atlas-corei2.x86_64                                  3.10.3-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
atlas-corei2-devel.x86_64                            3.10.3-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
atlas-devel.i686                                     3.10.3-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
atlas-devel.x86_64                                   3.10.3-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
attr.i686                                            2.4.48-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
audispd-plugins.x86_64                               3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         BaseOS    
audispd-plugins-zos.x86_64                           3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         BaseOS    
audit.i686                                           3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         BaseOS    
audit-libs.i686                                      3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         BaseOS    
audit-libs-devel.i686                                3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         BaseOS    
audit-libs-devel.x86_64                              3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         BaseOS    
augeas.x86_64                                        1.10.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
augeas-libs.i686                                     1.10.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
augeas-libs.x86_64                                   1.10.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
authd.x86_64                                         1.4.4-5.el8_0.1                                         AppStream 
authselect.i686                                      1.0-13.el8                                              BaseOS    
authselect-libs.i686                                 1.0-13.el8                                              BaseOS    
autoconf.noarch                                      2.69-27.el8                                             AppStream 
autocorr-af.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-bg.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-ca.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-cs.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-da.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-de.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-en.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-es.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-fa.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-fi.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-fr.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-ga.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-hr.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-hu.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-is.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-it.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-ja.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-ko.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-lb.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-lt.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-mn.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-nl.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-pl.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-pt.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-ro.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-ru.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-sk.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-sl.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-sr.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-sv.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-tr.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-vi.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autocorr-zh.noarch                                   1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
autofs.i686                                          1:5.1.4-29.el8                                          BaseOS    
autofs.x86_64                                        1:5.1.4-29.el8                                          BaseOS    
autogen-libopts.i686                                 5.18.12-7.el8                                           AppStream 
autogen-libopts.x86_64                               5.18.12-7.el8                                           AppStream 
automake.noarch                                      1.16.1-6.el8                                            AppStream 
avahi.i686                                           0.7-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
avahi.x86_64                                         0.7-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
avahi-autoipd.x86_64                                 0.7-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
avahi-glib.i686                                      0.7-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
avahi-glib.x86_64                                    0.7-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
avahi-gobject.i686                                   0.7-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
avahi-gobject.x86_64                                 0.7-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
avahi-libs.i686                                      0.7-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
avahi-ui-gtk3.i686                                   0.7-19.el8                                              AppStream 
avahi-ui-gtk3.x86_64                                 0.7-19.el8                                              AppStream 
babel.noarch                                         2.5.1-9.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
babl.i686                                            0.1.52-1.el8                                            AppStream 
babl.x86_64                                          0.1.52-1.el8                                            AppStream 
bacula-client.x86_64                                 9.0.6-4.el8                                             AppStream 
bacula-common.x86_64                                 9.0.6-4.el8                                             AppStream 
bacula-console.x86_64                                9.0.6-4.el8                                             AppStream 
bacula-director.x86_64                               9.0.6-4.el8                                             AppStream 
bacula-libs.x86_64                                   9.0.6-4.el8                                             AppStream 
bacula-libs-sql.x86_64                               9.0.6-4.el8                                             AppStream 
bacula-logwatch.noarch                               9.0.6-4.el8                                             AppStream 
bacula-storage.x86_64                                9.0.6-4.el8                                             AppStream 
baobab.x86_64                                        3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
bash.i686                                            4.4.19-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
bash-doc.x86_64                                      4.4.19-8.el8_0                                          BaseOS    
bc.i686                                              1.07.1-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
bcc.x86_64                                           0.7.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
bcc-tools.x86_64                                     0.7.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
bea-stax.noarch                                      1.2.0-16.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
bea-stax-javadoc.noarch                              1.2.0-16.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
beignet.x86_64                                       1.3.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
bind.x86_64                                          32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-chroot.x86_64                                   32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-devel.i686                                      32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-devel.x86_64                                    32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-export-devel.i686                               32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 BaseOS    
bind-export-devel.x86_64                             32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 BaseOS    
bind-export-libs.i686                                32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 BaseOS    
bind-libs.i686                                       32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-libs-lite.i686                                  32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-lite-devel.i686                                 32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-lite-devel.x86_64                               32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-pkcs11.x86_64                                   32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-pkcs11-devel.i686                               32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-pkcs11-devel.x86_64                             32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-pkcs11-libs.i686                                32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-pkcs11-libs.x86_64                              32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-pkcs11-utils.x86_64                             32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-sdb.x86_64                                      32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
bind-sdb-chroot.x86_64                               32:9.11.4-17.P2.el8_0.1                                 AppStream 
binutils.i686                                        2.30-49.el8                                             BaseOS    
binutils-devel.i686                                  2.30-49.el8                                             AppStream 
binutils-devel.x86_64                                2.30-49.el8                                             AppStream 
biosdevname.i686                                     0.7.3-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
bison.x86_64                                         3.0.4-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bison-runtime.x86_64                                 3.0.4-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bitmap-console-fonts.noarch                          0.3-28.el8                                              AppStream 
bitmap-console-fonts.noarch                          0.3-28.el8                                              BaseOS    
bitmap-fangsongti-fonts.noarch                       0.3-28.el8                                              AppStream 
bitmap-fangsongti-fonts.noarch                       0.3-28.el8                                              BaseOS    
bitmap-fixed-fonts.noarch                            0.3-28.el8                                              AppStream 
bitmap-fixed-fonts.noarch                            0.3-28.el8                                              BaseOS    
bitmap-fonts-compat.noarch                           0.3-28.el8                                              AppStream 
bitmap-lucida-typewriter-fonts.noarch                0.3-28.el8                                              AppStream 
bitmap-lucida-typewriter-fonts.noarch                0.3-28.el8                                              BaseOS    
blas.i686                                            3.8.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
blas.x86_64                                          3.8.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
blas64.x86_64                                        3.8.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
blivet-data.noarch                                   1:3.1.0-12.el8_0                                        AppStream 
blktrace.i686                                        1.2.0-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
bluez.i686                                           5.50-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
bluez.x86_64                                         5.50-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
bluez-cups.x86_64                                    5.50-1.el8                                              AppStream 
bluez-hid2hci.x86_64                                 5.50-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
bluez-libs.i686                                      5.50-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
bluez-libs.x86_64                                    5.50-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
bluez-obexd.x86_64                                   5.50-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
bogofilter.x86_64                                    1.2.4-13.el8                                            AppStream 
bolt.i686                                            0.4-1.el8                                               BaseOS    
boom-boot.noarch                                     0.9-7.el8                                               BaseOS    
boom-boot-conf.noarch                                0.9-7.el8                                               BaseOS    
boom-boot-grub2.noarch                               0.9-7.el8                                               BaseOS    
boost.i686                                           1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost.x86_64                                         1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-atomic.i686                                    1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-atomic.x86_64                                  1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-chrono.i686                                    1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-chrono.x86_64                                  1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-container.i686                                 1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-container.x86_64                               1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-context.i686                                   1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-context.x86_64                                 1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-coroutine.i686                                 1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-coroutine.x86_64                               1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-date-time.i686                                 1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-date-time.x86_64                               1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-devel.i686                                     1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-devel.x86_64                                   1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-fiber.i686                                     1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-fiber.x86_64                                   1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-filesystem.i686                                1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-filesystem.x86_64                              1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-graph.i686                                     1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-graph.x86_64                                   1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-iostreams.i686                                 1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-iostreams.x86_64                               1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-locale.i686                                    1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-locale.x86_64                                  1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-log.i686                                       1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-log.x86_64                                     1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-math.i686                                      1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-math.x86_64                                    1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-program-options.i686                           1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-program-options.x86_64                         1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-random.i686                                    1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-random.x86_64                                  1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-regex.i686                                     1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-regex.x86_64                                   1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-serialization.i686                             1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-serialization.x86_64                           1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-signals.i686                                   1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-signals.x86_64                                 1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-stacktrace.i686                                1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-stacktrace.x86_64                              1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-system.i686                                    1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-system.x86_64                                  1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-test.i686                                      1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-test.x86_64                                    1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-thread.i686                                    1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-thread.x86_64                                  1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-timer.i686                                     1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-timer.x86_64                                   1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-type_erasure.i686                              1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-type_erasure.x86_64                            1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-wave.i686                                      1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
boost-wave.x86_64                                    1.66.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-algeti-fonts.noarch                              2.005-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-chveulebrivi-fonts.noarch                        3.002-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-classic-fonts.noarch                             8.500-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-courier-fonts.noarch                             4.002-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-courier-s-fonts.noarch                           4.000-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-dedaena-block-fonts.noarch                       3.005-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-dejavu-sans-fonts.noarch                         2.28-10.el8                                             AppStream 
bpg-elite-fonts.noarch                               3.000-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-excelsior-caps-fonts.noarch                      2.003-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-excelsior-condenced-fonts.noarch                 2.003-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-excelsior-fonts.noarch                           2.03-10.el8                                             AppStream 
bpg-fonts-common.noarch                              20120413-10.el8                                         AppStream 
bpg-fonts-common.noarch                              20120413-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
bpg-glaho-fonts.noarch                               9.000-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-gorda-fonts.noarch                               2.003-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-ingiri-fonts.noarch                              4.000-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-irubaqidze-fonts.noarch                          1.000-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-mikhail-stephan-fonts.noarch                     2.500-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-mrgvlovani-caps-fonts.noarch                     1.002-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-mrgvlovani-caps-fonts.noarch                     1.002-10.el8                                            BaseOS    
bpg-mrgvlovani-fonts.noarch                          1.002-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-mrgvlovani-fonts.noarch                          1.002-10.el8                                            BaseOS    
bpg-nateli-caps-fonts.noarch                         2.003-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-nateli-caps-fonts.noarch                         2.003-10.el8                                            BaseOS    
bpg-nateli-condenced-fonts.noarch                    2.003-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-nateli-condenced-fonts.noarch                    2.003-10.el8                                            BaseOS    
bpg-nateli-fonts.noarch                              2.003-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-nateli-fonts.noarch                              2.003-10.el8                                            BaseOS    
bpg-nino-medium-cond-fonts.noarch                    4.005-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-nino-medium-fonts.noarch                         4.005-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-sans-fonts.noarch                                1.005-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-sans-medium-fonts.noarch                         1.005-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-sans-modern-fonts.noarch                         2.025-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-sans-regular-fonts.noarch                        1.005-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-serif-fonts.noarch                               1.005-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-serif-modern-fonts.noarch                        2.028-10.el8                                            AppStream 
bpg-ucnobi-fonts.noarch                              3.300-10.el8                                            AppStream 
brasero.x86_64                                       3.12.2-4.el8                                            AppStream 
brasero-libs.i686                                    3.12.2-4.el8                                            AppStream 
brasero-libs.x86_64                                  3.12.2-4.el8                                            AppStream 
brasero-nautilus.x86_64                              3.12.2-4.el8                                            AppStream 
brlapi.i686                                          0.6.7-28.el8                                            AppStream 
brlapi.x86_64                                        0.6.7-28.el8                                            AppStream 
brlapi-java.x86_64                                   0.6.7-28.el8                                            AppStream 
brltty.i686                                          5.6-28.el8                                              AppStream 
brltty.x86_64                                        5.6-28.el8                                              AppStream 
brltty-at-spi2.x86_64                                5.6-28.el8                                              AppStream 
brltty-docs.noarch                                   5.6-28.el8                                              AppStream 
brltty-dracut.x86_64                                 5.6-28.el8                                              AppStream 
brltty-espeak-ng.x86_64                              5.6-28.el8                                              AppStream 
brltty-xw.x86_64                                     5.6-28.el8                                              AppStream 
brotli.i686                                          1.0.6-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
bsdtar.x86_64                                        3.3.2-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
bubblewrap.i686                                      0.3.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
bubblewrap.x86_64                                    0.3.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
byacc.x86_64                                         1.9.20170709-4.el8                                      AppStream 
byteman.noarch                                       4.0.4-2.el8                                             AppStream 
byteman-javadoc.noarch                               4.0.4-2.el8                                             AppStream 
bzip2.i686                                           1.0.6-26.el8                                            BaseOS    
bzip2-devel.i686                                     1.0.6-26.el8                                            BaseOS    
bzip2-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.6-26.el8                                            BaseOS    
bzip2-libs.i686                                      1.0.6-26.el8                                            BaseOS    
c-ares.i686                                          1.13.0-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
c-ares-devel.i686                                    1.13.0-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
c-ares-devel.x86_64                                  1.13.0-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
c2esp.x86_64                                         2.7-14.el8                                              AppStream 
cachefilesd.i686                                     0.10.10-4.el8                                           BaseOS    
cachefilesd.x86_64                                   0.10.10-4.el8                                           BaseOS    
cairo.i686                                           1.15.12-3.el8                                           AppStream 
cairo-devel.i686                                     1.15.12-3.el8                                           AppStream 
cairo-devel.x86_64                                   1.15.12-3.el8                                           AppStream 
cairo-gobject.i686                                   1.15.12-3.el8                                           AppStream 
cairo-gobject-devel.i686                             1.15.12-3.el8                                           AppStream 
cairo-gobject-devel.x86_64                           1.15.12-3.el8                                           AppStream 
cairomm.i686                                         1.12.0-7.el8                                            AppStream 
cairomm.x86_64                                       1.12.0-7.el8                                            AppStream 
cargo.x86_64                                         1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
cargo-doc.noarch                                     1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
cargo-vendor.x86_64                                  0.1.23-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
cdi-api.noarch                                       1.2-8.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                        AppStream 
cdparanoia.x86_64                                    10.2-27.el8                                             AppStream 
cdparanoia-libs.i686                                 10.2-27.el8                                             AppStream 
cdparanoia-libs.x86_64                               10.2-27.el8                                             AppStream 
cdrdao.x86_64                                        1.2.3-32.el8                                            AppStream 
celt051.i686                                         0.5.1.3-15.el8                                          AppStream 
celt051.x86_64                                       0.5.1.3-15.el8                                          AppStream 
centos-backgrounds.noarch                            80.5-2.el8                                              AppStream 
centos-indexhtml.noarch                              8.0-0.el8                                               AppStream 
centos-logos-httpd.noarch                            80.5-2.el8                                              AppStream 
centos-logos-ipa.noarch                              80.5-2.el8                                              AppStream 
centos-release.i686                                  8.0-0.1905.0.9.el8                                      BaseOS    
centos-release-stream.x86_64                         8.0-0.1905.0.9.el8                                      extras    
certmonger.x86_64                                    0.79.6-5.el8                                            AppStream 
cgdcbxd.x86_64                                       1.0.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
check.i686                                           0.12.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
check.x86_64                                         0.12.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
check-devel.i686                                     0.12.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
check-devel.x86_64                                   0.12.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
checkpolicy.i686                                     2.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
cheese.x86_64                                        2:3.28.0-1.el8                                          AppStream 
cheese-libs.i686                                     2:3.28.0-1.el8                                          AppStream 
cheese-libs.x86_64                                   2:3.28.0-1.el8                                          AppStream 
chkconfig.i686                                       1.11-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
chrony.i686                                          3.3-3.el8                                               BaseOS    
chrpath.i686                                         0.16-7.el8                                              BaseOS    
chrpath.x86_64                                       0.16-7.el8                                              BaseOS    
cifs-utils.i686                                      6.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
cifs-utils.x86_64                                    6.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
cim-schema.noarch                                    2.43.0-8.el8                                            AppStream 
clang.i686                                           7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
clang.x86_64                                         7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
clang-analyzer.noarch                                7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
clang-devel.i686                                     7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
clang-devel.x86_64                                   7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
clang-libs.i686                                      7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
clang-libs.x86_64                                    7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
clang-tools-extra.i686                               7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
clang-tools-extra.x86_64                             7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
cldr-emoji-annotation.noarch                         33.1.0_0-1.el8                                          AppStream 
clevis-dracut.x86_64                                 11-2.el8                                                AppStream 
clevis-systemd.x86_64                                11-2.el8                                                AppStream 
clevis-udisks2.x86_64                                11-2.el8                                                AppStream 
clippy.x86_64                                        1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
cloud-init.noarch                                    18.5-1.el8.4                                            AppStream 
cloud-utils-growpart.noarch                          0.29-2.el8                                              AppStream 
clucene-contribs-lib.i686                            2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.el8                      AppStream 
clucene-contribs-lib.x86_64                          2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.el8                      AppStream 
clucene-core.i686                                    2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.el8                      AppStream 
clucene-core.x86_64                                  2.3.3.4-31.20130812.e8e3d20git.el8                      AppStream 
clutter.i686                                         1.26.2-6.el8                                            AppStream 
clutter.x86_64                                       1.26.2-6.el8                                            AppStream 
clutter-gst2.i686                                    2.0.18-5.el8                                            AppStream 
clutter-gst2.x86_64                                  2.0.18-5.el8                                            AppStream 
clutter-gst3.i686                                    3.0.26-1.el8                                            AppStream 
clutter-gst3.x86_64                                  3.0.26-1.el8                                            AppStream 
clutter-gtk.i686                                     1.8.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
clutter-gtk.x86_64                                   1.8.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
cmake.x86_64                                         3.11.4-3.el8                                            AppStream 
cmake-data.noarch                                    3.11.4-3.el8                                            AppStream 
cmake-doc.noarch                                     3.11.4-3.el8                                            AppStream 
cmake-filesystem.i686                                3.11.4-3.el8                                            AppStream 
cmake-filesystem.x86_64                              3.11.4-3.el8                                            AppStream 
cmake-gui.x86_64                                     3.11.4-3.el8                                            AppStream 
cmake-rpm-macros.noarch                              3.11.4-3.el8                                            AppStream 
cockpit.i686                                         185.1-1.el8_0                                           BaseOS    
cockpit-bridge.i686                                  185.1-1.el8_0                                           BaseOS    
cockpit-composer.noarch                              0.1.8-1.el8                                             AppStream 
cockpit-dashboard.noarch                             184.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
cockpit-doc.noarch                                   185.1-1.el8_0                                           BaseOS    
cockpit-machines.noarch                              184.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
cockpit-pcp.x86_64                                   184.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
cockpit-session-recording.noarch                     1-29.el8                                                AppStream 
cockpit-ws.i686                                      185.1-1.el8_0                                           BaseOS    
cogl.i686                                            1.22.2-10.el8                                           AppStream 
cogl.x86_64                                          1.22.2-10.el8                                           AppStream 
color-filesystem.noarch                              1-20.el8                                                AppStream 
colord.x86_64                                        1.4.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
colord-gtk.i686                                      0.1.26-8.el8                                            AppStream 
colord-gtk.x86_64                                    0.1.26-8.el8                                            AppStream 
colord-libs.i686                                     1.4.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
colord-libs.x86_64                                   1.4.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
comic-neue-angular-fonts.noarch                      2.2-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
comic-neue-fonts.noarch                              2.2-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
comic-neue-fonts-common.noarch                       2.2-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
compat-libgfortran-48.i686                           4.8.5-36.1.el8                                          AppStream 
compat-libgfortran-48.x86_64                         4.8.5-36.1.el8                                          AppStream 
compat-libpthread-nonshared.x86_64                   2.28-42.el8.1                                           AppStream 
compat-locales-sap.noarch                            1.0.10-5.el8                                            AppStream 
compat-openssl10.i686                                1:1.0.2o-3.el8                                          AppStream 
compat-openssl10.x86_64                              1:1.0.2o-3.el8                                          AppStream 
compiler-rt.i686                                     7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
compiler-rt.x86_64                                   7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
composer-cli.x86_64                                  28.14.23-7.el8_0                                        AppStream 
conntrack-tools.x86_64                               1.4.4-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
container-exception-logger.x86_64                    1.0.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
convmv.noarch                                        2.01-3.el8                                              AppStream 
copy-jdk-configs.noarch                              3.7-1.el8                                               AppStream 
coreutils.i686                                       8.30-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
coreutils-common.i686                                8.30-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
coreutils-single.i686                                8.30-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
coreutils-single.x86_64                              8.30-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
corosynclib.i686                                     3.0.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
corosynclib.x86_64                                   3.0.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
cpio.i686                                            2.12-8.el8                                              BaseOS    
cpp.x86_64                                           8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
cracklib.i686                                        2.9.6-15.el8                                            BaseOS    
crash.x86_64                                         7.2.3-18.el8                                            AppStream 
crash-gcore-command.x86_64                           1.3.1-3.el8                                             AppStream 
crash-ptdump-command.x86_64                          1.0.3-4.el8                                             AppStream 
crash-trace-command.x86_64                           2.0-15.el8                                              AppStream 
crda.noarch                                          3.18_2018.05.31-3.el8                                   BaseOS    
createrepo_c.x86_64                                  0.11.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
createrepo_c-devel.i686                              0.11.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
createrepo_c-devel.x86_64                            0.11.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
createrepo_c-libs.i686                               0.11.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
createrepo_c-libs.x86_64                             0.11.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
cronie.i686                                          1.5.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
cronie-anacron.i686                                  1.5.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
cronie-noanacron.i686                                1.5.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
cronie-noanacron.x86_64                              1.5.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
cryptsetup.i686                                      2.0.6-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
cryptsetup-devel.i686                                2.0.6-1.el8                                             AppStream 
cryptsetup-devel.x86_64                              2.0.6-1.el8                                             AppStream 
cryptsetup-libs.i686                                 2.0.6-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
cryptsetup-reencrypt.x86_64                          2.0.6-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
cscope.x86_64                                        15.9-2.el8                                              AppStream 
ctags.x86_64                                         5.8-22.el8                                              AppStream 
ctdb.i686                                            4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
ctdb.x86_64                                          4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
ctdb-tests.x86_64                                    4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
culmus-aharoni-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-caladings-clm-fonts.noarch                    0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-david-clm-fonts.noarch                        0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-drugulin-clm-fonts.noarch                     0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-ellinia-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-fonts-common.noarch                           0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-frank-ruehl-clm-fonts.noarch                  0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-hadasim-clm-fonts.noarch                      0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-keteryg-fonts.noarch                          0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-miriam-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-miriam-mono-clm-fonts.noarch                  0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-nachlieli-clm-fonts.noarch                    0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-shofar-fonts.noarch                           0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-simple-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-stamashkenaz-clm-fonts.noarch                 0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-stamsefarad-clm-fonts.noarch                  0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
culmus-yehuda-clm-fonts.noarch                       0.130-12.el8                                            AppStream 
cups.x86_64                                          1:2.2.6-25.el8                                          AppStream 
cups-client.x86_64                                   1:2.2.6-25.el8                                          AppStream 
cups-devel.i686                                      1:2.2.6-25.el8                                          AppStream 
cups-devel.x86_64                                    1:2.2.6-25.el8                                          AppStream 
cups-filesystem.noarch                               1:2.2.6-25.el8                                          AppStream 
cups-filters.x86_64                                  1.20.0-14.el8_0.1                                       AppStream 
cups-filters-libs.i686                               1.20.0-14.el8_0.1                                       AppStream 
cups-filters-libs.x86_64                             1.20.0-14.el8_0.1                                       AppStream 
cups-ipptool.x86_64                                  1:2.2.6-25.el8                                          AppStream 
cups-libs.i686                                       1:2.2.6-25.el8                                          BaseOS    
cups-lpd.x86_64                                      1:2.2.6-25.el8                                          AppStream 
cups-pk-helper.x86_64                                0.2.6-5.el8                                             AppStream 
curl.i686                                            7.61.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
curl-minimal.i686                                    7.61.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
curl-minimal.x86_64                                  7.61.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
cyrus-imapd.i686                                     3.0.7-15.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
cyrus-imapd.x86_64                                   3.0.7-15.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
cyrus-imapd-utils.x86_64                             3.0.7-15.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
cyrus-imapd-vzic.x86_64                              3.0.7-15.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
cyrus-sasl.i686                                      2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl.x86_64                                    2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-devel.i686                                2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-devel.x86_64                              2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-gs2.i686                                  2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-gs2.x86_64                                2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-gssapi.i686                               2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-ldap.i686                                 2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-ldap.x86_64                               2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-lib.i686                                  2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-md5.i686                                  2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-md5.x86_64                                2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.i686                                 2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-ntlm.x86_64                               2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-plain.i686                                2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-scram.i686                                2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-scram.x86_64                              2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       BaseOS    
cyrus-sasl-sql.i686                                  2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       AppStream 
cyrus-sasl-sql.x86_64                                2.1.27-0.3rc7.el8                                       AppStream 
daxctl.x86_64                                        62-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
daxctl-libs.i686                                     62-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
daxctl-libs.x86_64                                   62-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
daxio.x86_64                                         1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
dbus.i686                                            1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          BaseOS    
dbus-daemon.i686                                     1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          BaseOS    
dbus-devel.i686                                      1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          AppStream 
dbus-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          AppStream 
dbus-glib.i686                                       0.110-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
dbus-glib-devel.i686                                 0.110-2.el8                                             AppStream 
dbus-glib-devel.x86_64                               0.110-2.el8                                             AppStream 
dbus-libs.i686                                       1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          BaseOS    
dbus-tools.i686                                      1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          BaseOS    
dbus-x11.x86_64                                      1:1.12.8-7.el8                                          AppStream 
dbxtool.x86_64                                       8-5.el8                                                 BaseOS    
dconf.i686                                           0.28.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
dconf.x86_64                                         0.28.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
dconf-editor.x86_64                                  3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
dcraw.x86_64                                         9.27.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
dejavu-lgc-sans-fonts.noarch                         2.35-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
dejavu-lgc-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                    2.35-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
dejavu-lgc-serif-fonts.noarch                        2.35-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
dejavu-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                        2.35-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
dejavu-serif-fonts.noarch                            2.35-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
devhelp.x86_64                                       1:3.28.1-5.el8                                          AppStream 
devhelp-libs.i686                                    1:3.28.1-5.el8                                          AppStream 
devhelp-libs.x86_64                                  1:3.28.1-5.el8                                          AppStream 
device-mapper.i686                                   8:1.02.155-6.el8                                        BaseOS    
device-mapper-event.i686                             8:1.02.155-6.el8                                        BaseOS    
device-mapper-event-libs.i686                        8:1.02.155-6.el8                                        BaseOS    
device-mapper-libs.i686                              8:1.02.155-6.el8                                        BaseOS    
device-mapper-multipath.i686                         0.7.8-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
device-mapper-multipath-libs.i686                    0.7.8-7.el8_0.2                                         BaseOS    
device-mapper-persistent-data.i686                   0.7.6-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
dhcp-client.i686                                     12:4.3.6-30.el8                                         BaseOS    
dhcp-libs.i686                                       12:4.3.6-30.el8                                         BaseOS    
dhcp-relay.x86_64                                    12:4.3.6-30.el8                                         BaseOS    
dhcp-server.i686                                     12:4.3.6-30.el8                                         BaseOS    
dhcp-server.x86_64                                   12:4.3.6-30.el8                                         BaseOS    
dialog.i686                                          1.3-13.20171209.el8                                     AppStream 
dialog.x86_64                                        1.3-13.20171209.el8                                     AppStream 
diffstat.x86_64                                      1.61-7.el8                                              AppStream 
diffutils.i686                                       3.6-5.el8                                               BaseOS    
dirsplit.x86_64                                      1.1.11-39.el8                                           AppStream 
dleyna-connector-dbus.x86_64                         0.3.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
dleyna-core.i686                                     0.6.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
dleyna-core.x86_64                                   0.6.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
dleyna-renderer.x86_64                               0.6.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
dleyna-server.x86_64                                 0.6.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
dlm-lib.i686                                         4.0.6-10.el8                                            BaseOS    
dlm-lib.x86_64                                       4.0.6-10.el8                                            BaseOS    
dmidecode.i686                                       1:3.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
dnf-automatic.noarch                                 4.0.9.2-5.el8                                           BaseOS    
dnf-plugin-subscription-manager.i686                 1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
dnf-plugin-subscription-manager.x86_64               1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
dnf-utils.noarch                                     4.0.2.2-3.el8                                           BaseOS    
dnsmasq.x86_64                                       2.79-4.el8                                              AppStream 
dnsmasq-utils.x86_64                                 2.79-4.el8                                              AppStream 
dnssec-trigger.x86_64                                0.15-4.el8                                              AppStream 
dnssec-trigger-panel.x86_64                          0.15-4.el8                                              AppStream 
docbook-dtds.noarch                                  1.0-69.el8                                              AppStream 
docbook-style-xsl.noarch                             1.79.2-7.el8                                            AppStream 
dos2unix.i686                                        7.4.0-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
dosfstools.i686                                      4.1-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
dotconf.i686                                         1.3-18.el8                                              AppStream 
dotconf.x86_64                                       1.3-18.el8                                              AppStream 
dotnet.x86_64                                        2.1.509-1.el8_0                                         AppStream 
dotnet-host.x86_64                                   2.1.13-1.el8_0                                          AppStream 
dotnet-host-fxr-2.1.x86_64                           2.1.13-1.el8_0                                          AppStream 
dotnet-runtime-2.1.x86_64                            2.1.13-1.el8_0                                          AppStream 
dotnet-sdk-2.1.x86_64                                2.1.509-1.el8_0                                         AppStream 
dotnet-sdk-2.1.5xx.x86_64                            2.1.509-1.el8_0                                         AppStream 
dovecot.x86_64                                       1:2.2.36-5.el8_0.1                                      AppStream 
dovecot-mysql.x86_64                                 1:2.2.36-5.el8_0.1                                      AppStream 
dovecot-pgsql.x86_64                                 1:2.2.36-5.el8_0.1                                      AppStream 
dpdk.x86_64                                          18.11-3.el8                                             AppStream 
dpdk-devel.x86_64                                    18.11-3.el8                                             AppStream 
dpdk-doc.noarch                                      18.11-3.el8                                             AppStream 
dpdk-tools.x86_64                                    18.11-3.el8                                             AppStream 
dracut.i686                                          049-10.git20190115.el8                                  BaseOS    
dracut-caps.x86_64                                   049-10.git20190115.el8_0.1                              BaseOS    
dracut-config-generic.i686                           049-10.git20190115.el8                                  BaseOS    
dracut-config-generic.x86_64                         049-10.git20190115.el8_0.1                              BaseOS    
dracut-config-rescue.i686                            049-10.git20190115.el8                                  BaseOS    
dracut-live.x86_64                                   049-10.git20190115.el8_0.1                              BaseOS    
dracut-network.i686                                  049-10.git20190115.el8                                  BaseOS    
dracut-squash.i686                                   049-10.git20190115.el8                                  BaseOS    
dracut-tools.x86_64                                  049-10.git20190115.el8_0.1                              BaseOS    
driverctl.noarch                                     0.101-1.el8                                             AppStream 
dropwatch.x86_64                                     1.5-1.el8                                               AppStream 
drpm.i686                                            0.3.0-14.el8                                            AppStream 
drpm.x86_64                                          0.3.0-14.el8                                            AppStream 
dump.x86_64                                          1:0.4-0.36.b46.el8                                      BaseOS    
dvd+rw-tools.x86_64                                  7.1-27.el8                                              AppStream 
dwz.x86_64                                           0.12-9.el8                                              AppStream 
dyninst.i686                                         9.3.2-12.el8                                            AppStream 
dyninst.x86_64                                       9.3.2-12.el8                                            AppStream 
e2fsprogs.i686                                       1.44.3-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
e2fsprogs-devel.i686                                 1.44.3-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
e2fsprogs-devel.x86_64                               1.44.3-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
e2fsprogs-libs.i686                                  1.44.3-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
ed.i686                                              1.14.2-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
edk2-ovmf.noarch                                     20180508gitee3198e672e2-9.el8_0.1                       AppStream 
efi-filesystem.noarch                                3-2.el8                                                 BaseOS    
efi-srpm-macros.noarch                               3-2.el8                                                 AppStream 
efibootmgr.i686                                      16-1.el8                                                BaseOS    
efibootmgr.x86_64                                    16-1.el8                                                BaseOS    
efivar.i686                                          36-1.el8                                                BaseOS    
efivar.x86_64                                        36-1.el8                                                BaseOS    
efivar-libs.i686                                     36-1.el8                                                BaseOS    
efivar-libs.x86_64                                   36-1.el8                                                BaseOS    
egl-wayland.i686                                     1.1.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
egl-wayland.x86_64                                   1.1.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
elfutils.x86_64                                      0.174-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
elfutils-devel.i686                                  0.174-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
elfutils-devel.x86_64                                0.174-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
elfutils-libelf.i686                                 0.174-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
elfutils-libelf-devel.i686                           0.174-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
elfutils-libelf-devel.x86_64                         0.174-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
elfutils-libs.i686                                   0.174-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
elrepo-release.noarch                                8.0-2.el8.elrepo                                        extras    
emacs.x86_64                                         1:26.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
emacs-common.x86_64                                  1:26.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
emacs-lucid.x86_64                                   1:26.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
emacs-nox.x86_64                                     1:26.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
emacs-terminal.noarch                                1:26.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
enchant.i686                                         1:1.6.0-21.el8                                          AppStream 
enchant.x86_64                                       1:1.6.0-21.el8                                          AppStream 
enchant2.i686                                        2.2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
enchant2.x86_64                                      2.2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
enscript.x86_64                                      1.6.6-16.el8                                            AppStream 
environment-modules.i686                             4.1.4-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
environment-modules.x86_64                           4.1.4-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
eog.x86_64                                           3.28.4-1.el8                                            AppStream 
epel-release.noarch                                  8-5.el8                                                 extras    
esc.x86_64                                           1.1.2-7.el8                                             AppStream 
espeak-ng.i686                                       1.49.2-4.el8                                            AppStream 
espeak-ng.x86_64                                     1.49.2-4.el8                                            AppStream 
ethtool.i686                                         2:4.16-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
evemu.x86_64                                         2.7.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
evemu-libs.i686                                      2.7.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
evemu-libs.x86_64                                    2.7.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
evince.x86_64                                        3.28.4-1.el8                                            AppStream 
evince-browser-plugin.x86_64                         3.28.4-1.el8                                            AppStream 
evince-libs.i686                                     3.28.4-1.el8                                            AppStream 
evince-libs.x86_64                                   3.28.4-1.el8                                            AppStream 
evince-nautilus.x86_64                               3.28.4-1.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution.x86_64                                     3.28.5-6.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-bogofilter.x86_64                          3.28.5-6.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-data-server.i686                           3.28.5-9.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-data-server.x86_64                         3.28.5-9.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-data-server-devel.i686                     3.28.5-9.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-data-server-devel.x86_64                   3.28.5-9.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-data-server-langpacks.noarch               3.28.5-9.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-ews.x86_64                                 3.28.5-3.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-ews-langpacks.noarch                       3.28.5-3.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-help.noarch                                3.28.5-6.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-langpacks.noarch                           3.28.5-6.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-mapi.x86_64                                3.28.3-2.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-mapi-langpacks.noarch                      3.28.3-2.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-pst.x86_64                                 3.28.5-6.el8                                            AppStream 
evolution-spamassassin.x86_64                        3.28.5-6.el8                                            AppStream 
exchange-bmc-os-info.noarch                          1.8.18-10.el8                                           AppStream 
exempi.i686                                          2.4.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
exempi.x86_64                                        2.4.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
exiv2.x86_64                                         0.26-10.el8                                             AppStream 
exiv2-libs.i686                                      0.26-10.el8                                             AppStream 
exiv2-libs.x86_64                                    0.26-10.el8                                             AppStream 
expat.i686                                           2.2.5-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
expat-devel.i686                                     2.2.5-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
expat-devel.x86_64                                   2.2.5-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
expect.i686                                          5.45.4-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
expect.x86_64                                        5.45.4-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
fabtests.x86_64                                      1.6.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
farstream02.i686                                     0.2.8-2.el8                                             AppStream 
farstream02.x86_64                                   0.2.8-2.el8                                             AppStream 
fcoe-utils.i686                                      1.0.32-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
fcoe-utils.x86_64                                    1.0.32-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
fence-agents-all.x86_64                              4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-amt-ws.noarch                           4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-apc.noarch                              4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-apc-snmp.noarch                         4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-bladecenter.noarch                      4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-brocade.noarch                          4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-cisco-mds.noarch                        4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-cisco-ucs.noarch                        4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-common.noarch                           4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-compute.noarch                          4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-drac5.noarch                            4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-eaton-snmp.noarch                       4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-emerson.noarch                          4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-eps.noarch                              4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-heuristics-ping.noarch                  4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-hpblade.noarch                          4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-ibmblade.noarch                         4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-ifmib.noarch                            4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-ilo-moonshot.noarch                     4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-ilo-mp.noarch                           4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-ilo-ssh.noarch                          4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-ilo2.noarch                             4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-intelmodular.noarch                     4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-ipdu.noarch                             4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-ipmilan.noarch                          4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-kdump.x86_64                            4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-mpath.noarch                            4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-redfish.x86_64                          4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-rhevm.noarch                            4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-rsa.noarch                              4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-rsb.noarch                              4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-sbd.noarch                              4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-scsi.noarch                             4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-virsh.noarch                            4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-vmware-rest.noarch                      4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-vmware-soap.noarch                      4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-agents-wti.noarch                              4.2.1-17.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
fence-virt.x86_64                                    0.4.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
fence-virtd.x86_64                                   0.4.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
fence-virtd-libvirt.x86_64                           0.4.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
fence-virtd-multicast.x86_64                         0.4.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
fence-virtd-serial.x86_64                            0.4.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
fence-virtd-tcp.x86_64                               0.4.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
fetchmail.x86_64                                     6.3.26-19.el8                                           AppStream 
fftw.i686                                            3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw.x86_64                                          3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-devel.i686                                      3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-devel.x86_64                                    3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs.i686                                       3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs.x86_64                                     3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs-double.i686                                3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs-double.x86_64                              3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs-long.i686                                  3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs-long.x86_64                                3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs-quad.i686                                  3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs-quad.x86_64                                3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs-single.i686                                3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-libs-single.x86_64                              3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-static.i686                                     3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
fftw-static.x86_64                                   3.3.5-11.el8                                            AppStream 
file.i686                                            5.33-8.el8                                              BaseOS    
file-libs.i686                                       5.33-8.el8                                              BaseOS    
file-roller.x86_64                                   3.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
file-roller-nautilus.x86_64                          3.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
filesystem.i686                                      3.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
findutils.i686                                       1:4.6.0-20.el8                                          BaseOS    
fio.x86_64                                           3.7-3.el8                                               AppStream 
fipscheck.i686                                       1.5.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
fipscheck-lib.i686                                   1.5.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
firefox.x86_64                                       68.2.0-2.el8_0                                          AppStream 
firewall-applet.noarch                               0.6.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
firewall-config.noarch                               0.6.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
flac-libs.i686                                       1.3.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
flac-libs.x86_64                                     1.3.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
flatpak.x86_64                                       1.0.6-3.el8_0                                           AppStream 
flatpak-builder.x86_64                               1.0.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
flatpak-libs.i686                                    1.0.6-3.el8_0                                           AppStream 
flatpak-libs.x86_64                                  1.0.6-3.el8_0                                           AppStream 
flex.x86_64                                          2.6.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
flex-doc.x86_64                                      2.6.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
fltk.i686                                            1.3.4-5.el8                                             AppStream 
fltk.x86_64                                          1.3.4-5.el8                                             AppStream 
flute.noarch                                         1.3.0-18.OOo31.el8                                      AppStream 
fontawesome-fonts.noarch                             4.7.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
fontconfig.i686                                      2.13.1-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
fontconfig-devel.i686                                2.13.1-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
fontconfig-devel.x86_64                              2.13.1-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
fonts-tweak-tool.i686                                0.4.5-3.el8                                             AppStream 
fonts-tweak-tool.x86_64                              0.4.5-3.el8                                             AppStream 
foomatic.x86_64                                      4.0.12-23.el8                                           AppStream 
foomatic-db.noarch                                   4.0-57.20180102.el8                                     AppStream 
foomatic-db-filesystem.noarch                        4.0-57.20180102.el8                                     AppStream 
foomatic-db-ppds.noarch                              4.0-57.20180102.el8                                     AppStream 
fprintd-pam.i686                                     0.8.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
freeglut.i686                                        3.0.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
freeglut.x86_64                                      3.0.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
freeglut-devel.i686                                  3.0.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
freeglut-devel.x86_64                                3.0.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
freeipmi.i686                                        1.6.1-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
freeipmi.x86_64                                      1.6.1-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
freeipmi-bmc-watchdog.x86_64                         1.6.1-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
freeipmi-ipmidetectd.x86_64                          1.6.1-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
freeipmi-ipmiseld.x86_64                             1.6.1-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
freeradius.x86_64                                    3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-devel.x86_64                              3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-doc.x86_64                                3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-krb5.x86_64                               3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-ldap.x86_64                               3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-mysql.x86_64                              3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-perl.x86_64                               3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-postgresql.x86_64                         3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-rest.x86_64                               3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-sqlite.x86_64                             3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-unixODBC.x86_64                           3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freeradius-utils.x86_64                              3.0.17-4.module_el8.0.0+61+f432573d                     AppStream 
freerdp.x86_64                                       2:2.0.0-46.rc4.el8                                      AppStream 
freerdp-libs.i686                                    2:2.0.0-46.rc4.el8                                      AppStream 
freerdp-libs.x86_64                                  2:2.0.0-46.rc4.el8                                      AppStream 
freetype.i686                                        2.9.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
freetype-devel.i686                                  2.9.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
freetype-devel.x86_64                                2.9.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
frei0r-plugins.x86_64                                1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
frei0r-plugins-opencv.x86_64                         1.6.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
fribidi.i686                                         1.0.4-6.el8                                             AppStream 
fribidi.x86_64                                       1.0.4-6.el8                                             AppStream 
fribidi-devel.i686                                   1.0.4-6.el8                                             AppStream 
fribidi-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.4-6.el8                                             AppStream 
ftp.x86_64                                           0.17-78.el8                                             AppStream 
fuse.i686                                            2.9.7-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
fuse-common.i686                                     3.2.1-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
fuse-devel.i686                                      2.9.7-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
fuse-devel.x86_64                                    2.9.7-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
fuse-libs.i686                                       2.9.7-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
fuse3.x86_64                                         3.2.1-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
fuse3-devel.i686                                     3.2.1-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
fuse3-devel.x86_64                                   3.2.1-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
fuse3-libs.i686                                      3.2.1-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
fwupd.i686                                           1.1.4-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
fwupd.x86_64                                         1.1.4-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
fwupdate.x86_64                                      11-3.el8                                                BaseOS    
fwupdate-efi.x86_64                                  11-3.el8                                                BaseOS    
fwupdate-libs.x86_64                                 11-3.el8                                                BaseOS    
fxload.x86_64                                        2008_10_13-10.el8                                       BaseOS    
galera.x86_64                                        25.3.23-5.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                    AppStream 
gamin.i686                                           0.1.10-31.el8                                           BaseOS    
gamin.x86_64                                         0.1.10-31.el8                                           BaseOS    
gavl.i686                                            1.4.0-12.el8                                            AppStream 
gavl.x86_64                                          1.4.0-12.el8                                            AppStream 
gawk.i686                                            4.2.1-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
gc.i686                                              7.6.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
gc.x86_64                                            7.6.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
gcc.x86_64                                           8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
gcc-c++.x86_64                                       8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
gcc-gdb-plugin.i686                                  8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
gcc-gdb-plugin.x86_64                                8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
gcc-gfortran.x86_64                                  8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
gcc-offload-nvptx.x86_64                             8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
gcr.i686                                             3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gcr.x86_64                                           3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gcr-devel.i686                                       3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gcr-devel.x86_64                                     3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gd.i686                                              2.2.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gd.x86_64                                            2.2.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gd-devel.i686                                        2.2.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gd-devel.x86_64                                      2.2.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gdb.i686                                             8.2-6.el8_0                                             AppStream 
gdb.x86_64                                           8.2-6.el8_0                                             AppStream 
gdb-doc.noarch                                       8.2-6.el8_0                                             AppStream 
gdb-gdbserver.x86_64                                 8.2-6.el8_0                                             AppStream 
gdb-headless.i686                                    8.2-6.el8_0                                             AppStream 
gdb-headless.x86_64                                  8.2-6.el8_0                                             AppStream 
gdbm.i686                                            1:1.18-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
gdbm-devel.i686                                      1:1.18-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
gdbm-devel.x86_64                                    1:1.18-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
gdbm-libs.i686                                       1:1.18-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
gdk-pixbuf2.i686                                     2.36.12-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.i686                               2.36.12-2.el8                                           AppStream 
gdk-pixbuf2-devel.x86_64                             2.36.12-2.el8                                           AppStream 
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.i686                             2.36.12-2.el8                                           AppStream 
gdk-pixbuf2-modules.x86_64                           2.36.12-2.el8                                           AppStream 
gdm.i686                                             1:3.28.3-20.el8                                         AppStream 
gdm.x86_64                                           1:3.28.3-20.el8                                         AppStream 
gedit.x86_64                                         2:3.28.1-3.el8                                          AppStream 
gegl.i686                                            0.2.0-38.el8                                            AppStream 
gegl.x86_64                                          0.2.0-38.el8                                            AppStream 
gegl04.i686                                          0.4.4-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gegl04.x86_64                                        0.4.4-6.el8                                             AppStream 
genisoimage.x86_64                                   1.1.11-39.el8                                           AppStream 
genwqe-tools.x86_64                                  4.0.20-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
genwqe-vpd.x86_64                                    4.0.20-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
genwqe-zlib.i686                                     4.0.20-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
genwqe-zlib.x86_64                                   4.0.20-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
genwqe-zlib-devel.i686                               4.0.20-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
genwqe-zlib-devel.x86_64                             4.0.20-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
geoclue2.i686                                        2.4.10-1.el8                                            AppStream 
geoclue2.x86_64                                      2.4.10-1.el8                                            AppStream 
geoclue2-demos.x86_64                                2.4.10-1.el8                                            AppStream 
geoclue2-libs.i686                                   2.4.10-1.el8                                            AppStream 
geoclue2-libs.x86_64                                 2.4.10-1.el8                                            AppStream 
geocode-glib.i686                                    3.26.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
geocode-glib.x86_64                                  3.26.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
geocode-glib-devel.i686                              3.26.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
geocode-glib-devel.x86_64                            3.26.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
geoipupdate.x86_64                                   2.5.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
geronimo-annotation.noarch                           1.0-23.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
gettext.i686                                         0.19.8.1-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
gettext-common-devel.noarch                          0.19.8.1-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
gettext-devel.i686                                   0.19.8.1-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
gettext-devel.x86_64                                 0.19.8.1-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
gettext-libs.i686                                    0.19.8.1-14.el8                                         BaseOS    
gfbgraph.i686                                        0.2.3-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gfbgraph.x86_64                                      0.2.3-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gfs2-utils.i686                                      3.2.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
gfs2-utils.x86_64                                    3.2.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
ghc-srpm-macros.noarch                               1.4.2-7.el8                                             AppStream 
ghostscript.x86_64                                   9.25-2.el8_0.3                                          AppStream 
giflib.i686                                          5.1.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
giflib.x86_64                                        5.1.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
gimp.x86_64                                          2:2.8.22-15.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                  AppStream 
gimp-devel.x86_64                                    2:2.8.22-15.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                  AppStream 
gimp-devel-tools.x86_64                              2:2.8.22-15.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                  AppStream 
gimp-libs.x86_64                                     2:2.8.22-15.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                  AppStream 
git-all.noarch                                       2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
git-clang-format.i686                                7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
git-clang-format.x86_64                              7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
git-daemon.x86_64                                    2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
git-email.noarch                                     2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
git-gui.noarch                                       2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
git-instaweb.x86_64                                  2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
git-subtree.x86_64                                   2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
git-svn.x86_64                                       2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gitk.noarch                                          2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gitweb.noarch                                        2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gjs.i686                                             1.52.5-2.el8                                            AppStream 
gjs.x86_64                                           1.52.5-2.el8                                            AppStream 
gl-manpages.noarch                                   1.1-15.20161227.el8                                     AppStream 
glade-libs.i686                                      3.22.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
glade-libs.x86_64                                    3.22.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
glassfish-el-api.noarch                              3.0.1-0.7.b08.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                AppStream 
glassfish-fastinfoset-javadoc.noarch                 1.2.13-9.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
glassfish-jax-rs-api.noarch                          2.0.1-6.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
glassfish-jax-rs-api-javadoc.noarch                  2.0.1-6.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb.noarch                                2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-api-javadoc.noarch                    2.2.12-8.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-bom.noarch                            2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-bom-ext.noarch                        2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-codemodel.noarch                      2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-codemodel-annotation-compiler.noarch  2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-codemodel-parent.noarch               2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-external-parent.noarch                2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-parent.noarch                         2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-rngom.noarch                          2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-runtime-parent.noarch                 2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glassfish-jaxb-txw-parent.noarch                     2.2.11-11.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
glib-networking.i686                                 2.56.1-1.1.el8                                          BaseOS    
glib2.i686                                           2.56.4-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
glib2-devel.i686                                     2.56.4-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
glib2-devel.x86_64                                   2.56.4-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
glib2-fam.x86_64                                     2.56.4-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
glib2-tests.x86_64                                   2.56.4-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
glibc.i686                                           2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-all-langpacks.i686                             2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-all-langpacks.x86_64                           2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-common.i686                                    2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-devel.i686                                     2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-devel.x86_64                                   2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-headers.i686                                   2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-headers.x86_64                                 2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-aa.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-aa.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-af.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-af.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-agr.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-agr.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ak.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ak.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-am.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-am.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-an.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-an.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-anp.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-anp.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ar.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ar.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-as.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-as.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ast.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ast.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ayc.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ayc.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-az.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-az.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-be.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-be.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bem.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bem.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ber.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ber.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bg.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bg.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bhb.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bhb.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bho.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bho.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bi.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bi.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bn.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bn.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bo.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bo.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-br.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-br.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-brx.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-brx.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bs.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-bs.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-byn.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-byn.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ca.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ca.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ce.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ce.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-chr.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-chr.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cmn.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cmn.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-crh.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-crh.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cs.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cs.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-csb.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-csb.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cv.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cv.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cy.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-cy.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-da.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-da.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-de.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-de.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-doi.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-doi.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-dsb.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-dsb.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-dv.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-dv.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-dz.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-dz.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-el.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-el.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-en.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-eo.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-eo.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-es.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-es.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-et.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-et.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-eu.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-eu.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fa.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fa.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ff.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ff.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fi.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fi.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fil.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fil.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fo.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fo.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fr.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fr.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fur.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fur.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fy.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-fy.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ga.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ga.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gd.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gd.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gez.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gez.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gl.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gl.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gu.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gu.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gv.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-gv.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ha.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ha.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hak.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hak.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-he.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-he.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hi.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hi.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hif.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hif.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hne.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hne.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hr.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hr.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hsb.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hsb.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ht.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ht.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hu.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hu.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hy.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-hy.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ia.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ia.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-id.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-id.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ig.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ig.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ik.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ik.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-is.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-is.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-it.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-it.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-iu.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-iu.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ja.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ja.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ka.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ka.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kab.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kab.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kk.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kk.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kl.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kl.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-km.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-km.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kn.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kn.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ko.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ko.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kok.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kok.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ks.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ks.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ku.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ku.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kw.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-kw.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ky.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ky.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lb.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lb.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lg.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lg.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-li.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-li.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lij.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lij.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ln.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ln.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lo.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lo.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lt.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lt.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lv.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lv.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lzh.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-lzh.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mag.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mag.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mai.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mai.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mfe.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mfe.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mg.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mg.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mhr.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mhr.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mi.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mi.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-miq.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-miq.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mjw.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mjw.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mk.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mk.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ml.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ml.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mn.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mn.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mni.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mni.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mr.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mr.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ms.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ms.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mt.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-mt.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-my.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-my.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nan.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nan.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nb.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nb.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nds.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nds.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ne.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ne.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nhn.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nhn.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-niu.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-niu.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nl.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nl.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nn.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nn.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nr.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nr.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nso.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-nso.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-oc.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-oc.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-om.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-om.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-or.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-or.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-os.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-os.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pa.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pa.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pap.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pap.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pl.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pl.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ps.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ps.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pt.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-pt.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-quz.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-quz.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-raj.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-raj.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ro.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ro.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ru.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ru.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-rw.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-rw.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sa.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sa.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sah.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sah.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sat.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sat.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sc.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sc.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sd.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sd.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-se.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-se.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sgs.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sgs.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-shn.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-shn.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-shs.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-shs.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-si.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-si.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sid.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sid.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sk.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sk.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sl.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sl.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sm.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sm.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-so.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-so.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sq.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sq.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sr.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sr.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ss.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ss.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-st.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-st.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sv.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sv.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sw.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-sw.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-szl.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-szl.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ta.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ta.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tcy.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tcy.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-te.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-te.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tg.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tg.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-th.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-th.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-the.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-the.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ti.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ti.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tig.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tig.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tk.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tk.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tl.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tl.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tn.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tn.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-to.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-to.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tpi.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tpi.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tr.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tr.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ts.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ts.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tt.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-tt.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ug.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ug.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-uk.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-uk.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-unm.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-unm.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ur.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ur.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-uz.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-uz.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ve.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-ve.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-vi.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-vi.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wa.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wa.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wae.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wae.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wal.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wal.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wo.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-wo.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-xh.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-xh.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yi.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yi.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yo.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yo.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yue.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yue.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yuw.i686                              2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-yuw.x86_64                            2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-zh.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-zh.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-zu.i686                               2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-langpack-zu.x86_64                             2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-locale-source.x86_64                           2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-minimal-langpack.i686                          2.28-42.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
glibc-minimal-langpack.x86_64                        2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
glibc-utils.x86_64                                   2.28-42.el8.1                                           AppStream 
glibc32.x86_64                                       2.28-42.1.el8                                           AppStream 
glibc32.x86_64                                       2.28-42.1.el8                                           BaseOS    
glibmm24.i686                                        2.56.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
glibmm24.x86_64                                      2.56.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
glusterfs.i686                                       3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         AppStream 
glusterfs.i686                                       3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glusterfs.x86_64                                     3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glusterfs-api.i686                                   3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         AppStream 
glusterfs-api.x86_64                                 3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         AppStream 
glusterfs-cli.x86_64                                 3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         AppStream 
glusterfs-client-xlators.i686                        3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         AppStream 
glusterfs-client-xlators.i686                        3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glusterfs-client-xlators.x86_64                      3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glusterfs-fuse.i686                                  3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glusterfs-fuse.x86_64                                3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glusterfs-libs.i686                                  3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glusterfs-libs.x86_64                                3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glusterfs-rdma.i686                                  3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glusterfs-rdma.x86_64                                3.12.2-40.2.el8                                         BaseOS    
glx-utils.x86_64                                     8.3.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
gmp.i686                                             1:6.1.2-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
gmp-c++.i686                                         1:6.1.2-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
gmp-c++.x86_64                                       1:6.1.2-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
gmp-devel.i686                                       1:6.1.2-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
gmp-devel.x86_64                                     1:6.1.2-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
gnome-abrt.x86_64                                    1.2.6-5.el8                                             AppStream 
gnome-autoar.i686                                    0.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gnome-autoar.x86_64                                  0.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gnome-backgrounds.noarch                             3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-backgrounds-extras.noarch                      3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-bluetooth.x86_64                               1:3.28.2-2.el8                                          AppStream 
gnome-bluetooth-libs.i686                            1:3.28.2-2.el8                                          AppStream 
gnome-bluetooth-libs.x86_64                          1:3.28.2-2.el8                                          AppStream 
gnome-boxes.x86_64                                   3.28.5-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-calculator.x86_64                              3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-characters.x86_64                              3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-classic-session.noarch                         3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-color-manager.x86_64                           3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-control-center.x86_64                          3.28.2-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-control-center-filesystem.noarch               3.28.2-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-desktop3.i686                                  3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-desktop3.x86_64                                3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-desktop3-devel.i686                            3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-desktop3-devel.x86_64                          3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-disk-utility.x86_64                            3.28.3-2.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-font-viewer.x86_64                             3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs.noarch                    3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-cs.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-de.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-es.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-fr.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-gl.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-hu.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-it.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-pl.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-pt_BR.noarch              3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-getting-started-docs-ru.noarch                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-initial-setup.x86_64                           3.28.0-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-keyring.x86_64                                 3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-keyring-pam.x86_64                             3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-logs.x86_64                                    3.28.5-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-menus.i686                                     3.13.3-10.el8                                           AppStream 
gnome-menus.x86_64                                   3.13.3-10.el8                                           AppStream 
gnome-online-accounts.i686                           3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-online-accounts.x86_64                         3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-online-accounts-devel.i686                     3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-online-accounts-devel.x86_64                   3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-online-miners.x86_64                           3.26.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-photos.x86_64                                  3.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-photos-tests.x86_64                            3.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-remote-desktop.x86_64                          0.1.6-3.el8                                             AppStream 
gnome-screenshot.x86_64                              3.26.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-session.x86_64                                 3.28.1-6.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-session-wayland-session.x86_64                 3.28.1-6.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-session-xsession.x86_64                        3.28.1-6.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-settings-daemon.x86_64                         3.28.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell.x86_64                                   3.28.3-10.el8                                           AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-alternate-tab.noarch           3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-apps-menu.noarch               3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-auto-move-windows.noarch       3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-common.noarch                  3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-dash-to-dock.noarch            3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-desktop-icons.noarch           3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-drive-menu.noarch              3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-launch-new-instance.noarch     3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-native-window-placement.noarch 3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-no-hot-corner.noarch           3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-panel-favorites.noarch         3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-places-menu.noarch             3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-screenshot-window-sizer.noarch 3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-systemMonitor.noarch           3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-top-icons.noarch               3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-updates-dialog.noarch          3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-user-theme.noarch              3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-window-list.noarch             3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-windowsNavigator.noarch        3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-shell-extension-workspace-indicator.noarch     3.28.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-software.x86_64                                3.30.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-software-editor.x86_64                         3.30.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-system-monitor.x86_64                          3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-terminal.x86_64                                3.28.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-terminal-nautilus.x86_64                       3.28.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-themes-standard.x86_64                         3.22.3-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-tweaks.noarch                                  3.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-user-docs.noarch                               3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gnome-video-effects.noarch                           0.4.3-3.el8                                             AppStream 
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                         20120503-18.el8                                         AppStream 
gnu-free-fonts-common.noarch                         20120503-18.el8                                         BaseOS    
gnu-free-mono-fonts.noarch                           20120503-18.el8                                         AppStream 
gnu-free-mono-fonts.noarch                           20120503-18.el8                                         BaseOS    
gnu-free-sans-fonts.noarch                           20120503-18.el8                                         AppStream 
gnu-free-serif-fonts.noarch                          20120503-18.el8                                         AppStream 
gnupg2.i686                                          2.2.9-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
gnuplot.x86_64                                       5.2.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gnuplot-common.x86_64                                5.2.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gnutls.i686                                          3.6.5-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
gnutls-c++.i686                                      3.6.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
gnutls-c++.x86_64                                    3.6.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
gnutls-dane.i686                                     3.6.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
gnutls-dane.x86_64                                   3.6.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
gnutls-devel.i686                                    3.6.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
gnutls-devel.x86_64                                  3.6.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
gnutls-utils.x86_64                                  3.6.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
go-srpm-macros.noarch                                2-16.el8                                                AppStream 
go-toolset.x86_64                                    1.11.6-1.module_el8.0.0+192+8b12aa21                    AppStream 
gobject-introspection.i686                           1.56.1-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
golang.x86_64                                        1.11.6-1.module_el8.0.0+192+8b12aa21                    AppStream 
golang-bin.x86_64                                    1.11.6-1.module_el8.0.0+192+8b12aa21                    AppStream 
golang-docs.noarch                                   1.11.6-1.module_el8.0.0+192+8b12aa21                    AppStream 
golang-misc.noarch                                   1.11.6-1.module_el8.0.0+192+8b12aa21                    AppStream 
golang-race.x86_64                                   1.11.6-1.module_el8.0.0+192+8b12aa21                    AppStream 
golang-src.noarch                                    1.11.6-1.module_el8.0.0+192+8b12aa21                    AppStream 
golang-tests.noarch                                  1.11.6-1.module_el8.0.0+192+8b12aa21                    AppStream 
gom.i686                                             0.3.3-5.el8                                             AppStream 
gom.x86_64                                           0.3.3-5.el8                                             AppStream 
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1.002-0.10.20130214.el8                                 AppStream 
google-crosextra-caladea-fonts.noarch                1.002-0.10.20130214.el8                                 BaseOS    
google-crosextra-carlito-fonts.noarch                1.103-0.8.20130920.el8                                  AppStream 
google-crosextra-carlito-fonts.noarch                1.103-0.8.20130920.el8                                  BaseOS    
google-droid-kufi-fonts.noarch                       20120715-13.el8                                         AppStream 
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20120715-13.el8                                         AppStream 
google-droid-sans-fonts.noarch                       20120715-13.el8                                         BaseOS    
google-droid-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                  20120715-13.el8                                         AppStream 
google-droid-sans-mono-fonts.noarch                  20120715-13.el8                                         BaseOS    
google-droid-serif-fonts.noarch                      20120715-13.el8                                         AppStream 
google-droid-serif-fonts.noarch                      20120715-13.el8                                         BaseOS    
google-guice.noarch                                  4.1-11.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                  20170602-9.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-cjk-fonts-common.noarch                  20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-emoji-color-fonts.noarch                 20180508-4.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-emoji-fonts.noarch                       20180508-4.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-fonts-common.noarch                      20161022-7.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-kufi-arabic-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-mono-fonts.noarch                        20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-mono-fonts.noarch                        20161022-7.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-naskh-arabic-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-naskh-arabic-ui-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-nastaliq-urdu-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-armenian-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-avestan-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-balinese-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-bamum-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-batak-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-bengali-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-bengali-ui-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-brahmi-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-buginese-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-buhid-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-canadian-aboriginal-fonts.noarch    20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-carian-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cham-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cherokee-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch                 20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-cjk-kr-fonts.noarch                 20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-cjk-sc-fonts.noarch                 20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-cjk-tc-fonts.noarch                 20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                20170602-9.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch                20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-coptic-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cuneiform-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-cypriot-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-deseret-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-devanagari-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-devanagari-ui-fonts.noarch          20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-egyptian-hieroglyphs-fonts.noarch   20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ethiopic-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                        20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-fonts.noarch                        20161022-7.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-georgian-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-glagolitic-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gothic-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gujarati-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gujarati-ui-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-gurmukhi-ui-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-hanunoo-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-hebrew-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-imperial-aramaic-fonts.noarch       20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-pahlavi-fonts.noarch  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-inscriptional-parthian-fonts.noarch 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-javanese-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-jp-fonts.noarch                     20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-kaithi-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kannada-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kannada-ui-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kayah-li-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kharoshthi-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-khmer-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-khmer-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-kr-fonts.noarch                     20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-lao-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lao-ui-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lepcha-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-limbu-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-linear-b-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lisu-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lycian-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-lydian-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-malayalam-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-malayalam-ui-fonts.noarch           20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-mandaic-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-meetei-mayek-fonts.noarch           20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-mongolian-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch            20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-kr-fonts.noarch            20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-sc-fonts.noarch            20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-mono-cjk-tc-fonts.noarch            20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-myanmar-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-myanmar-ui-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-new-tai-lue-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-nko-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ogham-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ol-chiki-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-old-italic-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-old-persian-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-old-south-arabian-fonts.noarch      20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-old-turkic-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-oriya-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-oriya-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-osmanya-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-phags-pa-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-phoenician-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-rejang-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-runic-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-samaritan-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-saurashtra-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-sc-fonts.noarch                     20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-shavian-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-sinhala-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-sundanese-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-syloti-nagri-fonts.noarch           20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-symbols-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-syriac-eastern-fonts.noarch         20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-syriac-estrangela-fonts.noarch      20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-syriac-western-fonts.noarch         20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tagalog-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tagbanwa-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tai-le-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tai-tham-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tai-viet-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tamil-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tamil-ui-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tc-fonts.noarch                     20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-telugu-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-telugu-ui-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-thaana-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-thai-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-thai-ui-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tibetan-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-tifinagh-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ugaritic-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ui-fonts.noarch                     20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-ui-fonts.noarch                     20161022-7.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-sans-vai-fonts.noarch                    20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-sans-yi-fonts.noarch                     20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-armenian-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-bengali-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-cjk-jp-fonts.noarch                20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-cjk-kr-fonts.noarch                20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-cjk-sc-fonts.noarch                20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-cjk-tc-fonts.noarch                20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch               20170602-9.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-cjk-ttc-fonts.noarch               20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-devanagari-fonts.noarch            20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                       20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-fonts.noarch                       20161022-7.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-georgian-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-gujarati-fonts.noarch              20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-jp-fonts.noarch                    20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-kannada-fonts.noarch               20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-khmer-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-kr-fonts.noarch                    20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-lao-fonts.noarch                   20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-malayalam-fonts.noarch             20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-sc-fonts.noarch                    20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-tamil-fonts.noarch                 20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-tc-fonts.noarch                    20170602-9.el8                                          BaseOS    
google-noto-serif-telugu-fonts.noarch                20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-noto-serif-thai-fonts.noarch                  20161022-7.el8                                          AppStream 
google-roboto-slab-fonts.noarch                      1.100263-0.7.20150923git.el8                            BaseOS    
gpgme.i686                                           1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                                        BaseOS    
gpgmepp.i686                                         1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                                        BaseOS    
gpgmepp.x86_64                                       1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                                        BaseOS    
gpm.x86_64                                           1.20.7-15.el8                                           AppStream 
gpm-devel.i686                                       1.20.7-15.el8                                           AppStream 
gpm-devel.x86_64                                     1.20.7-15.el8                                           AppStream 
gpm-libs.i686                                        1.20.7-15.el8                                           AppStream 
graphite2.i686                                       1.3.10-10.el8                                           AppStream 
graphite2.x86_64                                     1.3.10-10.el8                                           AppStream 
graphite2-devel.i686                                 1.3.10-10.el8                                           AppStream 
graphite2-devel.x86_64                               1.3.10-10.el8                                           AppStream 
graphviz.i686                                        2.40.1-39.el8                                           AppStream 
graphviz.x86_64                                      2.40.1-39.el8                                           AppStream 
grep.i686                                            3.1-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
grilo.i686                                           0.3.6-2.el8                                             AppStream 
grilo.x86_64                                         0.3.6-2.el8                                             AppStream 
grilo-plugins.x86_64                                 0.3.8-1.el8                                             AppStream 
groff-base.i686                                      1.22.3-18.el8                                           BaseOS    
grub2-efi-aa64-modules.noarch                        1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
grub2-efi-ia32.x86_64                                1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
grub2-efi-ia32-cdboot.x86_64                         1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
grub2-efi-ia32-modules.noarch                        1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
grub2-efi-x64.x86_64                                 1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
grub2-efi-x64-cdboot.x86_64                          1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
grub2-efi-x64-modules.noarch                         1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
grub2-pc.i686                                        1:2.02-66.el8                                           BaseOS    
grub2-ppc64le-modules.noarch                         1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
grub2-tools.i686                                     1:2.02-66.el8                                           BaseOS    
grub2-tools-efi.x86_64                               1:2.02-66.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
grub2-tools-extra.i686                               1:2.02-66.el8                                           BaseOS    
grub2-tools-minimal.i686                             1:2.02-66.el8                                           BaseOS    
grubby.i686                                          8.40-34.el8                                             BaseOS    
gsettings-desktop-schemas.i686                       3.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gsettings-desktop-schemas.i686                       3.28.1-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.i686                 3.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gsettings-desktop-schemas-devel.x86_64               3.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gsl.i686                                             2.5-1.el8                                               AppStream 
gsl.x86_64                                           2.5-1.el8                                               AppStream 
gsl-devel.i686                                       2.5-1.el8                                               AppStream 
gsl-devel.x86_64                                     2.5-1.el8                                               AppStream 
gsm.i686                                             1.0.17-5.el8                                            AppStream 
gsm.x86_64                                           1.0.17-5.el8                                            AppStream 
gsound.i686                                          1.0.2-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gsound.x86_64                                        1.0.2-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gspell.i686                                          1.8.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gspell.x86_64                                        1.8.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gssdp.i686                                           1.0.2-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gssdp.x86_64                                         1.0.2-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gssntlmssp.x86_64                                    0.7.0-6.el8                                             AppStream 
gssproxy.i686                                        0.8.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
gssproxy.x86_64                                      0.8.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
gstreamer1.i686                                      1.14.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1.x86_64                                    1.14.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-devel.i686                                1.14.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-devel.x86_64                              1.14.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.i686                     1.14.0-5.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-bad-free.x86_64                   1.14.0-5.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base.i686                         1.14.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base.x86_64                       1.14.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.i686                   1.14.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-base-devel.x86_64                 1.14.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good.i686                         1.14.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good.x86_64                       1.14.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.i686                     1.14.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-good-gtk.x86_64                   1.14.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.i686                    1.14.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
gstreamer1-plugins-ugly-free.x86_64                  1.14.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
gtk-update-icon-cache.x86_64                         3.22.30-3.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk-vnc2.i686                                        0.9.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gtk-vnc2.x86_64                                      0.9.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gtk2.i686                                            2.24.32-4.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk2.x86_64                                          2.24.32-4.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk2-devel.i686                                      2.24.32-4.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk2-devel.x86_64                                    2.24.32-4.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk2-devel-docs.x86_64                               2.24.32-4.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk2-immodule-xim.i686                               2.24.32-4.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk2-immodule-xim.x86_64                             2.24.32-4.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk2-immodules.i686                                  2.24.32-4.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk2-immodules.x86_64                                2.24.32-4.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk3.i686                                            3.22.30-3.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk3.x86_64                                          3.22.30-3.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk3-devel.i686                                      3.22.30-3.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk3-devel.x86_64                                    3.22.30-3.el8                                           AppStream 
gtk3-immodule-xim.x86_64                             3.22.30-3.el8                                           AppStream 
gtkmm24.i686                                         2.24.5-5.el8                                            AppStream 
gtkmm24.x86_64                                       2.24.5-5.el8                                            AppStream 
gtkmm30.i686                                         3.22.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
gtkmm30.x86_64                                       3.22.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
gtksourceview3.i686                                  3.24.9-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gtksourceview3.x86_64                                3.24.9-1.el8                                            AppStream 
gtkspell.i686                                        2.0.16-15.el8                                           AppStream 
gtkspell.x86_64                                      2.0.16-15.el8                                           AppStream 
gtkspell3.i686                                       3.0.9-5.el8                                             AppStream 
gtkspell3.x86_64                                     3.0.9-5.el8                                             AppStream 
guava20.noarch                                       20.0-8.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
gubbi-fonts.noarch                                   1.3-2.el8                                               AppStream 
guile.i686                                           5:2.0.14-7.el8                                          AppStream 
guile.x86_64                                         5:2.0.14-7.el8                                          AppStream 
gupnp.i686                                           1.0.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
gupnp.x86_64                                         1.0.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
gupnp-av.i686                                        0.12.10-6.el8                                           AppStream 
gupnp-av.x86_64                                      0.12.10-6.el8                                           AppStream 
gupnp-dlna.i686                                      0.10.5-9.el8                                            AppStream 
gupnp-dlna.x86_64                                    0.10.5-9.el8                                            AppStream 
gupnp-igd.i686                                       0.2.5-4.el8                                             AppStream 
gupnp-igd.x86_64                                     0.2.5-4.el8                                             AppStream 
gutenprint.x86_64                                    5.2.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gutenprint-cups.x86_64                               5.2.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gutenprint-doc.x86_64                                5.2.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gutenprint-libs.i686                                 5.2.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gutenprint-libs.x86_64                               5.2.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gutenprint-libs-ui.i686                              5.2.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gutenprint-libs-ui.x86_64                            5.2.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gutenprint-plugin.x86_64                             5.2.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
gvfs.x86_64                                          1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-afc.x86_64                                      1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-afp.x86_64                                      1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-archive.x86_64                                  1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-client.i686                                     1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-client.x86_64                                   1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-devel.i686                                      1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-devel.x86_64                                    1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-fuse.x86_64                                     1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-goa.x86_64                                      1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-gphoto2.x86_64                                  1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-mtp.x86_64                                      1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvfs-smb.x86_64                                      1.36.2-2.el8_0.1                                        AppStream 
gvnc.i686                                            0.9.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gvnc.x86_64                                          0.9.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
gzip.i686                                            1.9-4.el8                                               BaseOS    
haproxy.x86_64                                       1.8.15-5.el8                                            AppStream 
hardlink.i686                                        1:1.3-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
harfbuzz.i686                                        1.7.5-3.el8                                             AppStream 
harfbuzz.x86_64                                      1.7.5-3.el8                                             AppStream 
harfbuzz-devel.i686                                  1.7.5-3.el8                                             AppStream 
harfbuzz-devel.x86_64                                1.7.5-3.el8                                             AppStream 
harfbuzz-icu.i686                                    1.7.5-3.el8                                             AppStream 
harfbuzz-icu.x86_64                                  1.7.5-3.el8                                             AppStream 
hawtjni-runtime.noarch                               1.16-2.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
hdparm.i686                                          9.54-2.el8                                              BaseOS    
hesiod.i686                                          3.2.1-11.el8                                            AppStream 
hesiod.x86_64                                        3.2.1-11.el8                                            AppStream 
hexchat.i686                                         2.14.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
hexchat.x86_64                                       2.14.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
hexchat-devel.i686                                   2.14.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
hexchat-devel.x86_64                                 2.14.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
hexedit.x86_64                                       1.2.13-12.el8                                           AppStream 
hicolor-icon-theme.noarch                            0.17-2.el8                                              AppStream 
highlight.x86_64                                     3.42-3.el8                                              AppStream 
highlight-gui.x86_64                                 3.42-3.el8                                              AppStream 
hivex.x86_64                                         1.3.15-7.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
hivex-devel.x86_64                                   1.3.15-7.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
hostname.i686                                        3.20-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
hplip.x86_64                                         3.18.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
hplip-common.i686                                    3.18.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
hplip-common.x86_64                                  3.18.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
hplip-gui.x86_64                                     3.18.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
hplip-libs.i686                                      3.18.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
hplip-libs.x86_64                                    3.18.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
hspell.i686                                          1.4-6.el8                                               AppStream 
hspell.x86_64                                        1.4-6.el8                                               AppStream 
http-parser.i686                                     2.8.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
http-parser.x86_64                                   2.8.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
httpcomponents-client.noarch                         4.5.5-4.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
httpcomponents-core.noarch                           4.4.10-3.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                     AppStream 
httpd.x86_64                                         2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                   AppStream 
httpd-devel.x86_64                                   2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                   AppStream 
httpd-filesystem.noarch                              2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                   AppStream 
httpd-manual.noarch                                  2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                   AppStream 
httpd-tools.x86_64                                   2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                   AppStream 
hunspell.i686                                        1.6.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell.x86_64                                      1.6.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-af.noarch                                   0.20080825-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ak.noarch                                   0.9.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-am.noarch                                   0.20090704-14.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ar.noarch                                   3.5-7.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-as.noarch                                   1.0.3-17.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-ast.noarch                                  1:0.02-14.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-az.noarch                                   0.20040827-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-be.noarch                                   1.1-15.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-ber.noarch                                  0.20080210-15.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-bg.noarch                                   4.3-13.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-bn.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-9.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-br.noarch                                   1:0.15-1.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-ca.noarch                                   2.3-11.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-cop.noarch                                  0.3-13.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-cs.noarch                                   20080822-8.el8                                          AppStream 
hunspell-csb.noarch                                  0.20050311-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-cv.noarch                                   1.06-1.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-cy.noarch                                   0.20040425-18.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-da.noarch                                   1.7.42-9.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-de.noarch                                   0.20161207-1.el8                                        AppStream 
hunspell-devel.i686                                  1.6.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-devel.x86_64                                1.6.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-dsb.noarch                                  1.4.8-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-el.noarch                                   1:0.9-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-en.noarch                                   0.20140811.1-12.el8                                     AppStream 
hunspell-en-GB.noarch                                0.20140811.1-12.el8                                     AppStream 
hunspell-en-US.noarch                                0.20140811.1-12.el8                                     AppStream 
hunspell-eo.noarch                                   1.0-0.15.dev.el8                                        AppStream 
hunspell-es.noarch                                   1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-AR.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-BO.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-CL.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-CO.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-CR.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-CU.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-DO.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-EC.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-ES.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-GT.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-HN.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-MX.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-NI.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-PA.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-PE.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-PR.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-PY.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-SV.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-US.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-UY.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-es-VE.noarch                                1:2.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-et.noarch                                   0.20030606-19.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-eu.noarch                                   0.20080507-15.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-fa.noarch                                   0.20070116-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-fj.noarch                                   1.2-15.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-fo.noarch                                   0.4.2-8.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-fr.noarch                                   6.2-1.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-fur.noarch                                  0.20050912-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-fy.noarch                                   3.0.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-ga.noarch                                   5.0-1.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-gd.noarch                                   2.6-10.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-gl.noarch                                   0.20080515-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-grc.noarch                                  2.1.5-16.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-gu.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-9.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-gv.noarch                                   0.20040505-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-haw.noarch                                  0.03-1.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-he.x86_64                                   1.4-6.el8                                               AppStream 
hunspell-hi.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-9.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-hil.noarch                                  1:0.14-14.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-hr.noarch                                   1:0.20040608-17.el8                                     AppStream 
hunspell-hsb.noarch                                  0.20060327.3-12.el8                                     AppStream 
hunspell-ht.noarch                                   0.06-13.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-hu.noarch                                   1.6.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-hy.noarch                                   0.20.0-13.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-ia.noarch                                   0.20050226-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-id.noarch                                   0.20040812-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-is.noarch                                   0.20090823-14.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-it.noarch                                   2.4-0.17.20070901.el8                                   AppStream 
hunspell-kk.noarch                                   1.1-14.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-km.noarch                                   1.82-1.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-kn.noarch                                   1.0.3-15.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-ko.noarch                                   0.7.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-ku.noarch                                   0.21-18.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-ky.noarch                                   0.20090415-15.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-la.noarch                                   0.20130331-11.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-lb.noarch                                   0.20121128-9.el8                                        AppStream 
hunspell-ln.noarch                                   0.02-14.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-lt.noarch                                   1.2.1-18.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-lv.noarch                                   1.0.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-mai.noarch                                  1.0.1-15.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-mg.noarch                                   0.20050109-18.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-mi.noarch                                   0.20080630-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-mk.noarch                                   0.20051126-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ml.noarch                                   0.1-18.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-mn.noarch                                   0.20080709-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-mos.noarch                                  0.20101130-13.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-mr.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-9.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-ms.noarch                                   0.20050117-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-mt.noarch                                   0.20110414-1.el8                                        AppStream 
hunspell-nb.noarch                                   1:2.0.10-7.el8                                          AppStream 
hunspell-nds.noarch                                  0.1-15.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-ne.noarch                                   20080425-17.el8                                         AppStream 
hunspell-nl.noarch                                   2.10-12.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-nn.noarch                                   1:2.0.10-7.el8                                          AppStream 
hunspell-nr.noarch                                   0.20091030-14.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-nso.noarch                                  0.20091201-14.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ny.noarch                                   1:0.01-14.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-oc.noarch                                   0.6.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-om.noarch                                   1:0.04-15.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-or.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-9.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-pa.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-9.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-pl.noarch                                   0.20180707-1.el8                                        AppStream 
hunspell-pt.noarch                                   0.20130125-10.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-qu.noarch                                   0.9-13.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-quh.noarch                                  0.20110816-13.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ro.noarch                                   3.3.7-12.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-ru.noarch                                   1:0.99g5-13.el8                                         AppStream 
hunspell-rw.noarch                                   0.20050109-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-sc.noarch                                   0.20081101-19.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-se.noarch                                   1.0-0.14.beta7.el8                                      AppStream 
hunspell-shs.noarch                                  0.20090828-13.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-si.noarch                                   0.2.1-16.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-sk.noarch                                   1:0.20110228-12.el8                                     AppStream 
hunspell-sl.noarch                                   0.20070127-18.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-smj.noarch                                  1.0-0.14.beta7.el8                                      AppStream 
hunspell-so.noarch                                   1.0.2-13.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-sq.noarch                                   1.6.4-12.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-sr.noarch                                   0.20130330-10.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ss.noarch                                   0.20091030-14.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-st.noarch                                   0.20091030-14.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-sv.noarch                                   2.28-8.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-sw.noarch                                   0.20050819-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ta.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-9.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-te.noarch                                   1:1.0.0-9.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-tet.noarch                                  0.20050108-18.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-th.noarch                                   0.20061212-18.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-ti.noarch                                   0.20090911-13.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-tk.noarch                                   1:0.02-12.el8                                           AppStream 
hunspell-tl.noarch                                   0.20050109-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-tn.noarch                                   0.20150904-1.el8                                        AppStream 
hunspell-tpi.noarch                                  0.07-10.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-ts.noarch                                   0.20110323.1-1.el8                                      AppStream 
hunspell-uk.noarch                                   1.8.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-ur.noarch                                   0.64-14.el8                                             AppStream 
hunspell-uz.noarch                                   0.6-16.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-ve.noarch                                   0.20091030-14.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-vi.noarch                                   0.20120418-1.el8                                        AppStream 
hunspell-wa.noarch                                   0.4.17-9.el8                                            AppStream 
hunspell-xh.noarch                                   0.20091030-14.el8                                       AppStream 
hunspell-yi.noarch                                   1.1-15.el8                                              AppStream 
hunspell-zu.noarch                                   0.20100126-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hwloc.i686                                           1.11.9-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
hwloc.x86_64                                         1.11.9-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
hwloc-gui.x86_64                                     1.11.9-2.el8                                            AppStream 
hwloc-libs.i686                                      1.11.9-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
hwloc-libs.x86_64                                    1.11.9-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
hwloc-plugins.x86_64                                 1.11.9-2.el8                                            AppStream 
hyperv-daemons.x86_64                                0-0.27.20180415git.el8                                  AppStream 
hyperv-daemons-license.noarch                        0-0.27.20180415git.el8                                  AppStream 
hyperv-tools.noarch                                  0-0.27.20180415git.el8                                  AppStream 
hypervfcopyd.x86_64                                  0-0.27.20180415git.el8                                  AppStream 
hypervkvpd.x86_64                                    0-0.27.20180415git.el8                                  AppStream 
hypervvssd.x86_64                                    0-0.27.20180415git.el8                                  AppStream 
hyphen.i686                                          2.8.8-9.el8                                             AppStream 
hyphen.x86_64                                        2.8.8-9.el8                                             AppStream 
hyphen-af.noarch                                     0-0.16.20080714svn.el8                                  AppStream 
hyphen-as.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-be.noarch                                     1.1-15.el8                                              AppStream 
hyphen-bg.noarch                                     4.3-13.el8                                              AppStream 
hyphen-bn.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-ca.noarch                                     1:0.9.3-14.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-cs.noarch                                     20080822-8.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-cy.noarch                                     0.20110620-12.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-da.noarch                                     0.20070903-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-de.noarch                                     0.20060120-19.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-el.noarch                                     0.20051018-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-en.noarch                                     2.8.8-9.el8                                             AppStream 
hyphen-es.noarch                                     2.3-2.el8                                               AppStream 
hyphen-et.noarch                                     0.20030606-19.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-eu.noarch                                     0.20110620-12.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-fa.noarch                                     0.20130404-9.el8                                        AppStream 
hyphen-fo.noarch                                     0.20040420-13.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-fr.noarch                                     3.0-1.el8                                               AppStream 
hyphen-ga.noarch                                     0.20040220-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-gl.noarch                                     0.99-15.el8                                             AppStream 
hyphen-grc.noarch                                    0.20110913-12.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-gu.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-hi.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-hr.noarch                                     1:0.20040608-17.el8                                     AppStream 
hyphen-hsb.noarch                                    0.20110620-12.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-hu.noarch                                     0.20090612-19.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-ia.noarch                                     0.20050628-14.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-id.noarch                                     0.20040812-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-is.noarch                                     0.20030920-19.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-it.noarch                                     0.20071127-18.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-kn.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-ku.noarch                                     1.71.2-14.el8                                           AppStream 
hyphen-lt.noarch                                     0.20100531-13.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-lv.noarch                                     1.0.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
hyphen-mi.noarch                                     0.20080630-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-ml.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-mn.noarch                                     0.20100531-13.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-mr.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-nb.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-7.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-nl.noarch                                     0.20050617-18.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-nn.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-7.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-or.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-12.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-pa.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-pl.noarch                                     0.20060726-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-pt.noarch                                     0.20021021-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-ro.noarch                                     3.3.6-13.el8                                            AppStream 
hyphen-ru.noarch                                     0.20020727-17.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-sa.noarch                                     0.20110915-13.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-sk.noarch                                     0.20031227-18.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-sl.noarch                                     0.20070127-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-sr.noarch                                     0.20130330-10.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-sv.noarch                                     1.00.1-18.el8                                           AppStream 
hyphen-ta.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-te.noarch                                     1:0.7.0-11.el8                                          AppStream 
hyphen-tk.noarch                                     0.20110620-12.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-uk.noarch                                     0.20030903-16.el8                                       AppStream 
hyphen-zu.noarch                                     0-0.16.20080714svn.el8                                  AppStream 
i2c-tools.x86_64                                     4.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
i2c-tools-perl.x86_64                                4.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
ibacm.i686                                           22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
ibacm.x86_64                                         22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
ibus.x86_64                                          1.5.19-4.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-gtk2.i686                                       1.5.19-4.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-gtk2.x86_64                                     1.5.19-4.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-gtk3.x86_64                                     1.5.19-4.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-hangul.x86_64                                   1.5.1-4.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-kkc.x86_64                                      1.5.22-9.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-libpinyin.x86_64                                1.10.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-libs.i686                                       1.5.19-4.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-libs.x86_64                                     1.5.19-4.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-libzhuyin.x86_64                                1.8.93-1.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-m17n.x86_64                                     1.3.4-26.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-sayura.x86_64                                   1.3.2-13.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-setup.noarch                                    1.5.19-4.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-table.noarch                                    1.9.18-3.el8                                            AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese.noarch                            1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-array.noarch                      1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-cangjie.noarch                    1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-cantonese.noarch                  1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-easy.noarch                       1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-erbi.noarch                       1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-quick.noarch                      1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-scj.noarch                        1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-stroke5.noarch                    1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-wu.noarch                         1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-wubi-haifeng.noarch               1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-wubi-jidian.noarch                1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-table-chinese-yong.noarch                       1.8.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-typing-booster.noarch                           2.1.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
ibus-wayland.x86_64                                  1.5.19-4.el8                                            AppStream 
icedax.x86_64                                        1.1.11-39.el8                                           AppStream 
icedtea-web.noarch                                   1.7.1-17.el8_0                                          AppStream 
icedtea-web-javadoc.noarch                           1.7.1-17.el8_0                                          AppStream 
icoutils.x86_64                                      0.32.3-2.el8                                            AppStream 
icu.x86_64                                           60.2-7.el8                                              BaseOS    
iio-sensor-proxy.x86_64                              2.4-3.el8                                               AppStream 
ilmbase.i686                                         2.2.0-11.el8                                            AppStream 
ilmbase.x86_64                                       2.2.0-11.el8                                            AppStream 
ima-evm-utils.i686                                   1.1-4.el8                                               BaseOS    
infiniband-diags.i686                                2.1.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
infiniband-diags.x86_64                              2.1.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
info.i686                                            6.5-4.el8                                               BaseOS    
initial-setup.x86_64                                 0.3.62.1-1.el8                                          AppStream 
initial-setup-gui.x86_64                             0.3.62.1-1.el8                                          AppStream 
initscripts.i686                                     10.00.1-1.el8                                           BaseOS    
inkscape.x86_64                                      0.92.3-11.module_el8.0.0+37+7dd3b42a                    AppStream 
inkscape-docs.x86_64                                 0.92.3-11.module_el8.0.0+37+7dd3b42a                    AppStream 
inkscape-view.x86_64                                 0.92.3-11.module_el8.0.0+37+7dd3b42a                    AppStream 
integritysetup.x86_64                                2.0.6-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
intel-cmt-cat.i686                                   2.0.0-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
intel-cmt-cat.x86_64                                 2.0.0-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
intel-gpu-tools.x86_64                               2.99.917-38.20180618.el8                                AppStream 
intltool.noarch                                      0.51.0-11.el8                                           AppStream 
iotop.noarch                                         0.6-16.el8                                              BaseOS    
iowatcher.x86_64                                     1.2.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
ipa-client.x86_64                                    4.7.1-11.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                     AppStream 
ipa-client-common.noarch                             4.7.1-11.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                     AppStream 
ipa-common.noarch                                    4.7.1-11.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                     AppStream 
ipa-python-compat.noarch                             4.7.1-11.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                     AppStream 
ipcalc.i686                                          0.2.4-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
iperf3.i686                                          3.5-3.el8                                               AppStream 
iperf3.x86_64                                        3.5-3.el8                                               AppStream 
ipmievd.x86_64                                       1.8.18-10.el8                                           AppStream 
ipmitool.x86_64                                      1.8.18-10.el8                                           AppStream 
iproute.i686                                         4.18.0-11.el8                                           BaseOS    
iproute-tc.x86_64                                    4.18.0-11.el8                                           BaseOS    
iprutils.i686                                        2.4.16.1-2.el8                                          BaseOS    
ipset.i686                                           6.38-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
ipset-libs.i686                                      6.38-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
ipset-service.noarch                                 6.38-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
iptables.i686                                        1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
iptables-arptables.x86_64                            1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
iptables-devel.i686                                  1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
iptables-devel.x86_64                                1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
iptables-ebtables.i686                               1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
iptables-libs.i686                                   1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
iptables-services.i686                               1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
iptables-services.x86_64                             1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
iptables-utils.x86_64                                1.8.2-9.el8_0.1                                         BaseOS    
iptraf-ng.i686                                       1.1.4-18.el8                                            BaseOS    
iptraf-ng.x86_64                                     1.1.4-18.el8                                            BaseOS    
iptstate.i686                                        2.2.6-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
iputils.i686                                         20180629-1.el8                                          BaseOS    
iputils-ninfod.x86_64                                20180629-1.el8                                          BaseOS    
ipvsadm.x86_64                                       1.29-8.el8                                              AppStream 
ipxe-bootimgs.noarch                                 20181214-1.git133f4c47.el8                              AppStream 
ipxe-roms.noarch                                     20181214-1.git133f4c47.el8                              AppStream 
ipxe-roms-qemu.noarch                                20181214-1.git133f4c47.el8                              AppStream 
irqbalance.i686                                      2:1.4.0-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
irssi.x86_64                                         1.1.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
iscsi-initiator-utils.i686                           6.2.0.876-7.gitf3c8e90.el8                              BaseOS    
iscsi-initiator-utils-iscsiuio.i686                  6.2.0.876-7.gitf3c8e90.el8                              BaseOS    
isl.i686                                             0.16.1-6.el8                                            AppStream 
isl.x86_64                                           0.16.1-6.el8                                            AppStream 
isns-utils.i686                                      0.97-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
isns-utils.x86_64                                    0.97-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
isns-utils-devel.i686                                0.97-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
isns-utils-devel.x86_64                              0.97-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
isns-utils-libs.i686                                 0.97-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
iso-codes.noarch                                     3.79-2.el8                                              AppStream 
isomd5sum.x86_64                                     1:1.2.3-3.el8                                           AppStream 
istack-commons-runtime.noarch                        2.21-9.el8                                              AppStream 
istack-commons-tools.noarch                          2.21-9.el8                                              AppStream 
itstool.noarch                                       2.0.4-2.el8                                             AppStream 
iw.i686                                              4.14-5.el8                                              BaseOS    
iw.x86_64                                            4.14-5.el8                                              BaseOS    
iwpmd.i686                                           22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
iwpmd.x86_64                                         22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
jackson-annotations-javadoc.noarch                   2.9.8-1.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
jackson-bom.noarch                                   2.9.8-1.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
jackson-core-javadoc.noarch                          2.9.8-1.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
jackson-databind-javadoc.noarch                      2.9.8-1.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
jackson-jaxrs-providers-datatypes.noarch             2.9.8-1.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
jackson-jaxrs-providers-javadoc.noarch               2.9.8-1.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
jackson-jaxrs-providers-parent.noarch                2.9.8-1.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
jackson-module-jaxb-annotations-javadoc.noarch       2.7.6-4.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
jackson-parent.noarch                                2.9.1.2-1.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
jakarta-commons-httpclient-demo.noarch               1:3.1-28.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
jakarta-commons-httpclient-javadoc.noarch            1:3.1-28.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
jakarta-commons-httpclient-manual.noarch             1:3.1-28.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
jansi.noarch                                         1.17.1-1.module_el8.0.0+82+8ee6c375                     AppStream 
jansi-native.x86_64                                  1.7-7.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                        AppStream 
jansson.i686                                         2.11-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
jansson-devel.i686                                   2.11-3.el8                                              AppStream 
jansson-devel.x86_64                                 2.11-3.el8                                              AppStream 
jasper-libs.i686                                     2.0.14-4.el8                                            AppStream 
jasper-libs.x86_64                                   2.0.14-4.el8                                            AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk.x86_64                            1:1.8.0.232.b09-0.el8_0                                 AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-accessibility.x86_64              1:1.8.0.232.b09-0.el8_0                                 AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-demo.x86_64                       1:1.8.0.232.b09-0.el8_0                                 AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-devel.x86_64                      1:1.8.0.232.b09-0.el8_0                                 AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-headless.x86_64                   1:1.8.0.232.b09-0.el8_0                                 AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc.noarch                    1:1.8.0.232.b09-0.el8_0                                 AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-javadoc-zip.noarch                1:1.8.0.232.b09-0.el8_0                                 AppStream 
java-1.8.0-openjdk-src.x86_64                        1:1.8.0.232.b09-0.el8_0                                 AppStream 
java-11-openjdk.x86_64                               1:11.0.5.10-0.el8_0                                     AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-demo.x86_64                          1:11.0.5.10-0.el8_0                                     AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-devel.x86_64                         1:11.0.5.10-0.el8_0                                     AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-headless.x86_64                      1:11.0.5.10-0.el8_0                                     AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-javadoc.x86_64                       1:11.0.5.10-0.el8_0                                     AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-javadoc-zip.x86_64                   1:11.0.5.10-0.el8_0                                     AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-jmods.x86_64                         1:11.0.5.10-0.el8_0                                     AppStream 
java-11-openjdk-src.x86_64                           1:11.0.5.10-0.el8_0                                     AppStream 
java-atk-wrapper.x86_64                              0.33.2-6.el8                                            AppStream 
javapackages-filesystem.noarch                       5.3.0-1.module_el8.0.0+11+5b8c10bd                      AppStream 
javapackages-tools.noarch                            5.3.0-1.module_el8.0.0+11+5b8c10bd                      AppStream 
jbig2dec-libs.i686                                   0.14-2.el8                                              AppStream 
jbig2dec-libs.x86_64                                 0.14-2.el8                                              AppStream 
jbigkit-libs.i686                                    2.1-14.el8                                              AppStream 
jbigkit-libs.x86_64                                  2.1-14.el8                                              AppStream 
jboss-annotations-1.2-api.noarch                     1.0.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
jboss-interceptors-1.2-api.noarch                    1.0.0-8.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
jboss-jaxrs-2.0-api.noarch                           1.0.0-6.el8                                             AppStream 
jboss-logging.noarch                                 3.3.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
jboss-logging-tools.noarch                           2.0.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
jcl-over-slf4j.noarch                                1.7.25-4.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                     AppStream 
jdeparser.noarch                                     2.0.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
jimtcl.i686                                          0.77-5.el8                                              BaseOS    
jline.noarch                                         2.14.6-2.module_el8.0.0+82+8ee6c375                     AppStream 
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-24.el8                                            AppStream 
jomolhari-fonts.noarch                               0.003-24.el8                                            BaseOS    
jq.i686                                              1.5-12.el8                                              AppStream 
jq.x86_64                                            1.5-12.el8                                              AppStream 
json-c.i686                                          0.13.1-0.2.el8                                          BaseOS    
json-glib.i686                                       1.4.4-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
json-glib-devel.i686                                 1.4.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
json-glib-devel.x86_64                               1.4.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
jsoup.noarch                                         1.11.3-3.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                     AppStream 
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.200-2.el8                                           AppStream 
julietaula-montserrat-fonts.noarch                   1:7.200-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
kabi-dw.x86_64                                       0-0.8.20181112git6fbd644.el8                            BaseOS    
kacst-art-fonts.noarch                               2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-book-fonts.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-decorative-fonts.noarch                        2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-digital-fonts.noarch                           2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-farsi-fonts.noarch                             2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-fonts-common.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-letter-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-naskh-fonts.noarch                             2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-office-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-one-fonts.noarch                               2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-pen-fonts.noarch                               2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-poster-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-qurn-fonts.noarch                              2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-screen-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-title-fonts.noarch                             2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kacst-titlel-fonts.noarch                            2.0-19.el8                                              AppStream 
kbd.i686                                             2.0.4-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
kdump-anaconda-addon.noarch                          003-2.20181107git443d7ed.el8                            AppStream 
keepalived.x86_64                                    2.0.10-4.el8_0.2                                        AppStream 
kernel-abi-whitelists.noarch                         4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-cross-headers.x86_64                          4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-debug.x86_64                                  4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-debug-core.x86_64                             4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-debug-devel.x86_64                            4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-debug-modules.x86_64                          4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-debug-modules-extra.x86_64                    4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-devel.x86_64                                  4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-doc.noarch                                    4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-headers.i686                                  4.18.0-80.7.1.el8_0                                     BaseOS    
kernel-headers.x86_64                                4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-modules-extra.x86_64                          4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
kernel-rpm-macros.noarch                             116-1.el8.0.1                                           AppStream 
kernelshark.x86_64                                   2.7-6.el8                                               AppStream 
kexec-tools.i686                                     2.0.17-28.el8                                           BaseOS    
keybinder3.i686                                      0.3.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
keybinder3.x86_64                                    0.3.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch                 0.8-7.el8                                               AppStream 
keyutils.i686                                        1.5.10-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
keyutils.x86_64                                      1.5.10-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
keyutils-libs.i686                                   1.5.10-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
keyutils-libs-devel.i686                             1.5.10-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
keyutils-libs-devel.x86_64                           1.5.10-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                            5.0-25.el8                                              AppStream 
khmeros-base-fonts.noarch                            5.0-25.el8                                              BaseOS    
khmeros-battambang-fonts.noarch                      5.0-25.el8                                              AppStream 
khmeros-battambang-fonts.noarch                      5.0-25.el8                                              BaseOS    
khmeros-bokor-fonts.noarch                           5.0-25.el8                                              AppStream 
khmeros-bokor-fonts.noarch                           5.0-25.el8                                              BaseOS    
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                          5.0-25.el8                                              AppStream 
khmeros-fonts-common.noarch                          5.0-25.el8                                              BaseOS    
khmeros-handwritten-fonts.noarch                     5.0-25.el8                                              AppStream 
khmeros-handwritten-fonts.noarch                     5.0-25.el8                                              BaseOS    
khmeros-metal-chrieng-fonts.noarch                   5.0-25.el8                                              AppStream 
khmeros-metal-chrieng-fonts.noarch                   5.0-25.el8                                              BaseOS    
khmeros-muol-fonts.noarch                            5.0-25.el8                                              AppStream 
khmeros-muol-fonts.noarch                            5.0-25.el8                                              BaseOS    
khmeros-siemreap-fonts.noarch                        5.0-25.el8                                              AppStream 
khmeros-siemreap-fonts.noarch                        5.0-25.el8                                              BaseOS    
kmod.i686                                            25-11.el8_0.2                                           BaseOS    
kmod-libs.i686                                       25-11.el8_0.2                                           BaseOS    
koan.noarch                                          2.0.7.1-6.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                    AppStream 
kpartx.i686                                          0.7.8-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
krb5-devel.i686                                      1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
krb5-devel.x86_64                                    1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
krb5-libs.i686                                       1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
krb5-pkinit.i686                                     1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
krb5-pkinit.x86_64                                   1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
krb5-server.i686                                     1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
krb5-server.x86_64                                   1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
krb5-server-ldap.i686                                1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
krb5-server-ldap.x86_64                              1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
krb5-workstation.x86_64                              1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
ksc.noarch                                           1.5-1.el8                                               BaseOS    
ksh.x86_64                                           20120801-252.el8                                        AppStream 
kurdit-unikurd-web-fonts.noarch                      20020502-19.el8                                         AppStream 
kyotocabinet-libs.i686                               1.2.76-17.el8                                           AppStream 
kyotocabinet-libs.x86_64                             1.2.76-17.el8                                           AppStream 
lame-libs.i686                                       3.100-6.el8                                             AppStream 
lame-libs.x86_64                                     3.100-6.el8                                             AppStream 
langpacks-af.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-am.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ar.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-as.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ast.noarch                                 1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-be.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-bg.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-bn.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-br.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-bs.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ca.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-cs.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-cy.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-da.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-de.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-el.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-en_GB.noarch                               1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-es.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-et.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-eu.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-fa.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-fi.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-fr.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ga.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-gl.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-gu.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-he.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-hi.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-hr.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-hu.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ia.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-id.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-is.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-it.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ja.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-kk.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-kn.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ko.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-lt.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-lv.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-mai.noarch                                 1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-mk.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ml.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-mr.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ms.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-nb.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ne.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-nl.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-nn.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-nr.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-nso.noarch                                 1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-or.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-pa.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-pl.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-pt.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-pt_BR.noarch                               1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ro.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ru.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-si.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-sk.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-sl.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-sq.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-sr.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ss.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-sv.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ta.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-te.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-th.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-tn.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-tr.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ts.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-uk.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ur.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-ve.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-vi.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-xh.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-zh_CN.noarch                               1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-zh_TW.noarch                               1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langpacks-zu.noarch                                  1.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
langtable.noarch                                     0.0.38-5.el8                                            AppStream 
langtable-data.noarch                                0.0.38-5.el8                                            AppStream 
lapack.i686                                          3.8.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
lapack.x86_64                                        3.8.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
lapack64.x86_64                                      3.8.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
lasso.i686                                           2.6.0-4.el8.0.1                                         AppStream 
lasso.x86_64                                         2.6.0-4.el8.0.1                                         AppStream 
lato-fonts.noarch                                    2.015-5.el8                                             AppStream 
lato-fonts.noarch                                    2.015-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
lcms2.i686                                           2.9-2.el8                                               AppStream 
lcms2.x86_64                                         2.9-2.el8                                               AppStream 
ldb-tools.x86_64                                     1.4.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
ldns.i686                                            1.7.0-20.el8                                            AppStream 
ldns.x86_64                                          1.7.0-20.el8                                            AppStream 
ledmon.i686                                          0.90-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
lemon.x86_64                                         3.26.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
less.i686                                            530-1.el8                                               BaseOS    
lftp.i686                                            4.8.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
lftp.x86_64                                          4.8.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
lftp-scripts.noarch                                  4.8.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libICE.i686                                          1.0.9-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libICE.i686                                          1.0.9-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.9-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libICE.x86_64                                        1.0.9-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
libICE-devel.i686                                    1.0.9-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libICE-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.9-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libSM.i686                                           1.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libSM.i686                                           1.2.3-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libSM.x86_64                                         1.2.3-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libSM-devel.i686                                     1.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libSM-devel.x86_64                                   1.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libX11.i686                                          1.6.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libX11.i686                                          1.6.7-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libX11-devel.i686                                    1.6.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libX11-devel.x86_64                                  1.6.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libX11-xcb.i686                                      1.6.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libX11-xcb.x86_64                                    1.6.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXNVCtrl.i686                                      352.21-9.el8                                            AppStream 
libXNVCtrl.x86_64                                    352.21-9.el8                                            AppStream 
libXScrnSaver.i686                                   1.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXScrnSaver.x86_64                                 1.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXScrnSaver-devel.i686                             1.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXScrnSaver-devel.x86_64                           1.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXau.i686                                          1.0.8-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libXau.i686                                          1.0.8-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
libXau-devel.i686                                    1.0.8-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libXau-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.8-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libXaw.i686                                          1.0.13-10.el8                                           AppStream 
libXaw.x86_64                                        1.0.13-10.el8                                           AppStream 
libXaw-devel.i686                                    1.0.13-10.el8                                           AppStream 
libXaw-devel.x86_64                                  1.0.13-10.el8                                           AppStream 
libXcomposite.i686                                   0.4.4-14.el8                                            AppStream 
libXcomposite.x86_64                                 0.4.4-14.el8                                            AppStream 
libXcomposite-devel.i686                             0.4.4-14.el8                                            AppStream 
libXcomposite-devel.x86_64                           0.4.4-14.el8                                            AppStream 
libXcursor.i686                                      1.1.15-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libXcursor.i686                                      1.1.15-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.1.15-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libXcursor.x86_64                                    1.1.15-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libXcursor-devel.i686                                1.1.15-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libXcursor-devel.x86_64                              1.1.15-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libXdamage.i686                                      1.1.4-14.el8                                            AppStream 
libXdamage.x86_64                                    1.1.4-14.el8                                            AppStream 
libXdamage-devel.i686                                1.1.4-14.el8                                            AppStream 
libXdamage-devel.x86_64                              1.1.4-14.el8                                            AppStream 
libXdmcp.i686                                        1.1.2-11.el8                                            AppStream 
libXdmcp.x86_64                                      1.1.2-11.el8                                            AppStream 
libXext.i686                                         1.3.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libXext.i686                                         1.3.3-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXext-devel.i686                                   1.3.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libXext-devel.x86_64                                 1.3.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libXfixes.i686                                       5.0.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXfixes.i686                                       5.0.3-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXfixes.x86_64                                     5.0.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXfixes.x86_64                                     5.0.3-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXfixes-devel.i686                                 5.0.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXfixes-devel.x86_64                               5.0.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXfont2.i686                                       2.0.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libXfont2.x86_64                                     2.0.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libXft.i686                                          2.3.2-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libXft.x86_64                                        2.3.2-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libXft-devel.i686                                    2.3.2-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libXft-devel.x86_64                                  2.3.2-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libXi.i686                                           1.7.9-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXi.i686                                           1.7.9-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXi.x86_64                                         1.7.9-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXi.x86_64                                         1.7.9-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXi-devel.i686                                     1.7.9-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXi-devel.x86_64                                   1.7.9-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXinerama.i686                                     1.1.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXinerama.i686                                     1.1.4-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXinerama.x86_64                                   1.1.4-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXinerama-devel.i686                               1.1.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXinerama-devel.x86_64                             1.1.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXmu.i686                                          1.1.2-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libXmu.i686                                          1.1.2-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.2-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libXmu.x86_64                                        1.1.2-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
libXmu-devel.i686                                    1.1.2-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libXmu-devel.x86_64                                  1.1.2-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libXp.i686                                           1.0.3-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libXp.x86_64                                         1.0.3-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libXp-devel.i686                                     1.0.3-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libXp-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.3-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libXpm.i686                                          3.5.12-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXpm.x86_64                                        3.5.12-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXpm-devel.i686                                    3.5.12-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXpm-devel.x86_64                                  3.5.12-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXrandr.i686                                       1.5.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXrandr.i686                                       1.5.1-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXrandr.x86_64                                     1.5.1-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXrandr-devel.i686                                 1.5.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXrandr-devel.x86_64                               1.5.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXrender.i686                                      0.9.10-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXrender.i686                                      0.9.10-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
libXrender-devel.i686                                0.9.10-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXrender-devel.x86_64                              0.9.10-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXres.i686                                         1.2.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
libXres.x86_64                                       1.2.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
libXt.i686                                           1.1.5-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libXt.i686                                           1.1.5-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXt.x86_64                                         1.1.5-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libXt.x86_64                                         1.1.5-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXt-devel.i686                                     1.1.5-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libXt-devel.x86_64                                   1.1.5-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libXtst.i686                                         1.2.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXtst.x86_64                                       1.2.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXtst-devel.i686                                   1.2.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXtst-devel.x86_64                                 1.2.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libXv.i686                                           1.0.11-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXv.x86_64                                         1.0.11-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXv-devel.i686                                     1.0.11-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXv-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.11-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libXvMC.i686                                         1.0.10-6.el8                                            AppStream 
libXvMC.x86_64                                       1.0.10-6.el8                                            AppStream 
libXxf86dga.i686                                     1.1.4-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libXxf86dga.x86_64                                   1.1.4-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libXxf86dga-devel.i686                               1.1.4-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libXxf86dga-devel.x86_64                             1.1.4-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libXxf86misc.i686                                    1.0.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXxf86misc.i686                                    1.0.4-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXxf86misc.x86_64                                  1.0.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXxf86misc.x86_64                                  1.0.4-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXxf86misc-devel.i686                              1.0.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXxf86misc-devel.x86_64                            1.0.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libXxf86vm.i686                                      1.1.4-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libXxf86vm.i686                                      1.1.4-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.4-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libXxf86vm.x86_64                                    1.1.4-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libXxf86vm-devel.i686                                1.1.4-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libXxf86vm-devel.x86_64                              1.1.4-9.el8                                             AppStream 
liba52.i686                                          0.7.4-32.el8                                            AppStream 
liba52.x86_64                                        0.7.4-32.el8                                            AppStream 
libabw.i686                                          0.1.2-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libabw.x86_64                                        0.1.2-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libacl.i686                                          2.2.53-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libacl-devel.i686                                    2.2.53-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libacl-devel.x86_64                                  2.2.53-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libaio.i686                                          0.3.110-12.el8                                          BaseOS    
libaio-devel.i686                                    0.3.110-12.el8                                          BaseOS    
libaio-devel.x86_64                                  0.3.110-12.el8                                          BaseOS    
libao.i686                                           1.2.0-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libao.x86_64                                         1.2.0-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libappindicator-gtk3.i686                            12.10.0-19.el8                                          AppStream 
libappindicator-gtk3.x86_64                          12.10.0-19.el8                                          AppStream 
libappstream-glib.i686                               0.7.14-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libarchive.i686                                      3.3.2-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
libasan.i686                                         8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libasan.x86_64                                       8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libassuan.i686                                       2.5.1-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
libasyncns.i686                                      0.8-14.el8                                              AppStream 
libasyncns.x86_64                                    0.8-14.el8                                              AppStream 
libatasmart.i686                                     0.19-14.el8                                             AppStream 
libatomic.i686                                       8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libatomic.x86_64                                     8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libatomic-static.i686                                8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libatomic-static.x86_64                              8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libatomic_ops.i686                                   7.6.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libatomic_ops.x86_64                                 7.6.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libattr.i686                                         2.4.48-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libattr-devel.i686                                   2.4.48-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libattr-devel.x86_64                                 2.4.48-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libavc1394.i686                                      0.5.4-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libavc1394.x86_64                                    0.5.4-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libbabeltrace.i686                                   1.5.4-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libbabeltrace.x86_64                                 1.5.4-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libbase.noarch                                       1.1.3-18.el8                                            AppStream 
libbasicobjects.i686                                 0.1.1-39.el8                                            BaseOS    
libblkid.i686                                        2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libblkid-devel.i686                                  2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libblkid-devel.x86_64                                2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libblockdev.i686                                     2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-crypto.i686                              2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-dm.i686                                  2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-dm.x86_64                                2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-fs.i686                                  2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-kbd.i686                                 2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-kbd.x86_64                               2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-loop.i686                                2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-lvm.i686                                 2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.i686                            2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-lvm-dbus.x86_64                          2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-mdraid.i686                              2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-mpath.i686                               2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-mpath.x86_64                             2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-nvdimm.i686                              2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-nvdimm.x86_64                            2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-part.i686                                2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-plugins-all.x86_64                       2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-swap.i686                                2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-utils.i686                               2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libblockdev-vdo.x86_64                               2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
libbluray.i686                                       1.0.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libbluray.x86_64                                     1.0.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libburn.i686                                         1.4.8-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libburn.x86_64                                       1.4.8-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libbytesize.i686                                     1.4-1.el8                                               AppStream 
libcacard.i686                                       3:2.6.1-1.el8                                           AppStream 
libcacard.x86_64                                     3:2.6.1-1.el8                                           AppStream 
libcanberra.i686                                     0.30-16.el8                                             AppStream 
libcanberra.x86_64                                   0.30-16.el8                                             AppStream 
libcanberra-devel.i686                               0.30-16.el8                                             AppStream 
libcanberra-devel.x86_64                             0.30-16.el8                                             AppStream 
libcanberra-gtk2.i686                                0.30-16.el8                                             AppStream 
libcanberra-gtk2.x86_64                              0.30-16.el8                                             AppStream 
libcanberra-gtk3.i686                                0.30-16.el8                                             AppStream 
libcanberra-gtk3.x86_64                              0.30-16.el8                                             AppStream 
libcap.i686                                          2.25-9.el8                                              BaseOS    
libcap-devel.i686                                    2.25-9.el8                                              BaseOS    
libcap-devel.x86_64                                  2.25-9.el8                                              BaseOS    
libcap-ng.i686                                       0.7.9-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libcap-ng-devel.i686                                 0.7.9-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libcap-ng-devel.x86_64                               0.7.9-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libcap-ng-utils.x86_64                               0.7.9-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libcdio.i686                                         2.0.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libcdio.x86_64                                       2.0.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libcdio-paranoia.i686                                10.2+0.94+2-3.el8                                       AppStream 
libcdio-paranoia.x86_64                              10.2+0.94+2-3.el8                                       AppStream 
libcdr.i686                                          0.1.4-4.el8                                             AppStream 
libcdr.x86_64                                        0.1.4-4.el8                                             AppStream 
libcgroup.i686                                       0.41-19.el8                                             BaseOS    
libcgroup.x86_64                                     0.41-19.el8                                             BaseOS    
libcgroup-pam.x86_64                                 0.41-19.el8                                             BaseOS    
libcgroup-tools.x86_64                               0.41-19.el8                                             BaseOS    
libcmis.i686                                         0.5.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libcmis.x86_64                                       0.5.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libcmpiCppImpl0.i686                                 2.0.3-15.el8                                            AppStream 
libcmpiCppImpl0.x86_64                               2.0.3-15.el8                                            AppStream 
libcollection.i686                                   0.7.0-39.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcom_err.i686                                      1.44.3-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcom_err-devel.i686                                1.44.3-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcom_err-devel.x86_64                              1.44.3-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcomps.i686                                        0.1.8-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcomps-devel.i686                                  0.1.8-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcomps-devel.x86_64                                0.1.8-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
libconfig.i686                                       1.5-9.el8                                               BaseOS    
libcroco.i686                                        0.6.12-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcurl.i686                                         7.61.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcurl-devel.i686                                   7.61.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcurl-devel.x86_64                                 7.61.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcurl-minimal.i686                                 7.61.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libcurl-minimal.x86_64                               7.61.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libdaemon.i686                                       0.14-15.el8                                             BaseOS    
libdatrie.i686                                       0.2.9-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libdatrie.x86_64                                     0.2.9-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libdazzle.i686                                       3.28.5-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libdazzle.x86_64                                     3.28.5-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libdb.i686                                           5.3.28-36.el8                                           BaseOS    
libdb-devel.i686                                     5.3.28-36.el8                                           AppStream 
libdb-devel.x86_64                                   5.3.28-36.el8                                           AppStream 
libdb-utils.i686                                     5.3.28-36.el8                                           BaseOS    
libdbusmenu.i686                                     16.04.0-12.el8                                          AppStream 
libdbusmenu.x86_64                                   16.04.0-12.el8                                          AppStream 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.i686                                16.04.0-12.el8                                          AppStream 
libdbusmenu-gtk3.x86_64                              16.04.0-12.el8                                          AppStream 
libdc1394.i686                                       2.2.2-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libdc1394.x86_64                                     2.2.2-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libdhash.i686                                        0.5.0-39.el8                                            BaseOS    
libdmapsharing.i686                                  2.9.37-5.el8                                            AppStream 
libdmapsharing.x86_64                                2.9.37-5.el8                                            AppStream 
libdmmp.i686                                         0.7.8-7.el8_0.2                                         BaseOS    
libdmmp.x86_64                                       0.7.8-7.el8_0.2                                         BaseOS    
libdmx.i686                                          1.1.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libdmx.x86_64                                        1.1.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libdnet.i686                                         1.12-26.el8                                             AppStream 
libdnf.i686                                          0.22.5-5.el8_0                                          BaseOS    
libdrm.i686                                          2.4.96-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libdrm-devel.i686                                    2.4.96-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libdrm-devel.x86_64                                  2.4.96-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libdv.i686                                           1.0.0-27.el8                                            AppStream 
libdv.x86_64                                         1.0.0-27.el8                                            AppStream 
libdvdnav.i686                                       5.0.3-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libdvdnav.x86_64                                     5.0.3-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libdvdread.i686                                      5.0.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libdvdread.x86_64                                    5.0.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libdwarf.i686                                        20180129-4.el8                                          AppStream 
libdwarf.x86_64                                      20180129-4.el8                                          AppStream 
libeasyfc.i686                                       0.14.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libeasyfc.x86_64                                     0.14.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libeasyfc-gobject.i686                               0.14.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libeasyfc-gobject.x86_64                             0.14.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libecap.x86_64                                       1.0.1-2.module_el8.0.0+182+b6dc903f                     AppStream 
libecap-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.1-2.module_el8.0.0+182+b6dc903f                     AppStream 
libedit.i686                                         3.1-23.20170329cvs.el8                                  BaseOS    
libepoxy.i686                                        1.5.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libepoxy.x86_64                                      1.5.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libepoxy-devel.i686                                  1.5.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libepoxy-devel.x86_64                                1.5.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libepubgen.i686                                      0.1.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libepubgen.x86_64                                    0.1.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
liberation-fonts.noarch                              1:2.00.3-4.el8                                          BaseOS    
liberation-fonts-common.noarch                       1:2.00.3-4.el8                                          BaseOS    
liberation-mono-fonts.noarch                         1:2.00.3-4.el8                                          BaseOS    
liberation-narrow-fonts.noarch                       1.07.5-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
liberation-sans-fonts.noarch                         1:2.00.3-4.el8                                          BaseOS    
liberation-serif-fonts.noarch                        1:2.00.3-4.el8                                          BaseOS    
libertas-sd8686-firmware.noarch                      20190111-92.gitd9fb2ee6.el8                             BaseOS    
libertas-sd8787-firmware.noarch                      20190111-92.gitd9fb2ee6.el8                             BaseOS    
libertas-usb8388-olpc-firmware.noarch                20190111-92.gitd9fb2ee6.el8                             BaseOS    
libestr.i686                                         0.1.10-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libetonyek.i686                                      0.1.8-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libetonyek.x86_64                                    0.1.8-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libev.i686                                           4.24-6.el8                                              AppStream 
libev.x86_64                                         4.24-6.el8                                              AppStream 
libev-devel.i686                                     4.24-6.el8                                              AppStream 
libev-devel.x86_64                                   4.24-6.el8                                              AppStream 
libev-libevent-devel.i686                            4.24-6.el8                                              AppStream 
libev-libevent-devel.x86_64                          4.24-6.el8                                              AppStream 
libev-source.noarch                                  4.24-6.el8                                              AppStream 
libevdev.i686                                        1.5.9-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libevdev.x86_64                                      1.5.9-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libevent.i686                                        2.1.8-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libevent-devel.i686                                  2.1.8-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libevent-devel.x86_64                                2.1.8-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libevent-doc.noarch                                  2.1.8-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libexif.i686                                         0.6.21-16.el8                                           AppStream 
libexif.x86_64                                       0.6.21-16.el8                                           AppStream 
libexttextcat.i686                                   3.4.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libexttextcat.x86_64                                 3.4.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libfabric.i686                                       1.6.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libfabric.x86_64                                     1.6.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libfastjson.i686                                     0.99.8-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libfdisk.i686                                        2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libfdisk-devel.i686                                  2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libfdisk-devel.x86_64                                2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libffi.i686                                          3.1-18.el8                                              BaseOS    
libffi-devel.i686                                    3.1-18.el8                                              BaseOS    
libffi-devel.x86_64                                  3.1-18.el8                                              BaseOS    
libfontenc.i686                                      1.1.3-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libfontenc.i686                                      1.1.3-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.3-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libfontenc.x86_64                                    1.1.3-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
libfonts.noarch                                      1.1.3-21.el8                                            AppStream 
libformula.noarch                                    1.1.3-18.el8                                            AppStream 
libfprint.i686                                       0.8.2-1.el8.0.1                                         AppStream 
libfreehand.i686                                     0.1.2-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libfreehand.x86_64                                   0.1.2-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libgcab1.i686                                        1.1-1.el8                                               BaseOS    
libgcab1.x86_64                                      1.1-1.el8                                               BaseOS    
libgcc.i686                                          8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libgcrypt.i686                                       1.8.3-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libgcrypt-devel.i686                                 1.8.3-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libgcrypt-devel.x86_64                               1.8.3-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libgdata.i686                                        0.17.9-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgdata.x86_64                                      0.17.9-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgdata-devel.i686                                  0.17.9-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgdata-devel.x86_64                                0.17.9-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgdither.i686                                      0.6-17.el8                                              AppStream 
libgdither.x86_64                                    0.6-17.el8                                              AppStream 
libgee.i686                                          0.20.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libgee.x86_64                                        0.20.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libgexiv2.i686                                       0.10.8-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgexiv2.x86_64                                     0.10.8-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgfortran.i686                                     8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libgfortran.x86_64                                   8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libgit2.i686                                         0.26.6-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libgit2.x86_64                                       0.26.6-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libgit2-glib.i686                                    0.26.4-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgit2-glib.x86_64                                  0.26.4-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libglvnd.i686                                        1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd.x86_64                                      1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-core-devel.i686                             1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-core-devel.x86_64                           1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-devel.i686                                  1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-devel.x86_64                                1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-egl.i686                                    1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-egl.x86_64                                  1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-gles.i686                                   1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-gles.x86_64                                 1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-glx.i686                                    1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-glx.x86_64                                  1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-opengl.i686                                 1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libglvnd-opengl.x86_64                               1:1.0.1-0.9.git5baa1e5.el8                              AppStream 
libgnomekbd.i686                                     3.26.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
libgnomekbd.x86_64                                   3.26.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
libgomp.i686                                         8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libgomp-offload-nvptx.x86_64                         8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libgovirt.i686                                       0.3.4-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libgovirt.x86_64                                     0.3.4-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libgpg-error.i686                                    1.31-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libgpg-error-devel.i686                              1.31-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libgpg-error-devel.x86_64                            1.31-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libgphoto2.i686                                      2.5.16-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libgphoto2.x86_64                                    2.5.16-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libgpod.i686                                         0.8.3-23.el8                                            AppStream 
libgpod.x86_64                                       0.8.3-23.el8                                            AppStream 
libgs.i686                                           9.25-2.el8_0.3                                          AppStream 
libgs.x86_64                                         9.25-2.el8_0.3                                          AppStream 
libgsf.i686                                          1.14.41-5.el8                                           AppStream 
libgsf.x86_64                                        1.14.41-5.el8                                           AppStream 
libgtop2.i686                                        2.38.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libgtop2.x86_64                                      2.38.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libgudev.i686                                        232-4.el8                                               BaseOS    
libguestfs.x86_64                                    1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-bash-completion.noarch                    1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-benchmarking.x86_64                       1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-devel.x86_64                              1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-gfs2.x86_64                               1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-gobject.x86_64                            1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-gobject-devel.x86_64                      1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-inspect-icons.noarch                      1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-java.x86_64                               1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-java-devel.x86_64                         1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-javadoc.noarch                            1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-man-pages-ja.noarch                       1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-man-pages-uk.noarch                       1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-rescue.x86_64                             1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-rsync.x86_64                              1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-tools.noarch                              1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-tools-c.x86_64                            1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libguestfs-winsupport.x86_64                         8.0-3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                       AppStream 
libguestfs-xfs.x86_64                                1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
libgusb.i686                                         0.3.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libgusb.x86_64                                       0.3.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libgweather.i686                                     3.28.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgweather.x86_64                                   3.28.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgweather-devel.i686                               3.28.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgweather-devel.x86_64                             3.28.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libgxps.i686                                         0.3.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libgxps.x86_64                                       0.3.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libhangul.i686                                       0.1.0-16.el8                                            AppStream 
libhangul.x86_64                                     0.1.0-16.el8                                            AppStream 
libhbaapi.i686                                       2.2.9-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
libhbaapi.x86_64                                     2.2.9-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
libhbalinux.i686                                     1.0.17-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
libhbalinux.x86_64                                   1.0.17-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
libhbalinux-devel.i686                               1.0.17-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
libhbalinux-devel.x86_64                             1.0.17-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
libhugetlbfs.i686                                    2.21-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libhugetlbfs.x86_64                                  2.21-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libhugetlbfs-devel.i686                              2.21-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libhugetlbfs-devel.x86_64                            2.21-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libhugetlbfs-utils.i686                              2.21-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libhugetlbfs-utils.x86_64                            2.21-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libi2c.i686                                          4.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
libi2c.x86_64                                        4.0-12.el8                                              AppStream 
libibumad.i686                                       22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
libibumad.x86_64                                     22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
libibverbs.i686                                      22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
libibverbs.x86_64                                    22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
libibverbs-utils.i686                                22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
libibverbs-utils.x86_64                              22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
libical.i686                                         3.0.3-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
libical.x86_64                                       3.0.3-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
libical-devel.i686                                   3.0.3-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libical-devel.x86_64                                 3.0.3-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libicu.i686                                          60.2-7.el8                                              BaseOS    
libicu-devel.i686                                    60.2-7.el8                                              BaseOS    
libicu-devel.x86_64                                  60.2-7.el8                                              BaseOS    
libicu-doc.noarch                                    60.2-7.el8                                              BaseOS    
libidn.i686                                          1.34-5.el8                                              AppStream 
libidn.x86_64                                        1.34-5.el8                                              AppStream 
libidn2.i686                                         2.0.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libiec61883.i686                                     1.2.0-18.el8                                            AppStream 
libiec61883.x86_64                                   1.2.0-18.el8                                            AppStream 
libieee1284.i686                                     0.2.11-28.el8                                           AppStream 
libieee1284.x86_64                                   0.2.11-28.el8                                           AppStream 
libieee1284-devel.i686                               0.2.11-28.el8                                           AppStream 
libieee1284-devel.x86_64                             0.2.11-28.el8                                           AppStream 
libijs.i686                                          0.35-5.el8                                              AppStream 
libijs.x86_64                                        0.35-5.el8                                              AppStream 
libimobiledevice.i686                                1.2.0-16.el8                                            AppStream 
libimobiledevice.x86_64                              1.2.0-16.el8                                            AppStream 
libindicator-gtk3.i686                               12.10.1-14.el8                                          AppStream 
libindicator-gtk3.x86_64                             12.10.1-14.el8                                          AppStream 
libini_config.i686                                   1.3.1-39.el8                                            BaseOS    
libinput.i686                                        1.12.3-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libinput.x86_64                                      1.12.3-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libinput-utils.x86_64                                1.12.3-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libipa_hbac.i686                                     2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
libipt.i686                                          1.6.1-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libipt.x86_64                                        1.6.1-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libiptcdata.i686                                     1.0.4-21.el8                                            AppStream 
libiptcdata.x86_64                                   1.0.4-21.el8                                            AppStream 
libiscsi.x86_64                                      1.18.0-7.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
libiscsi-devel.x86_64                                1.18.0-7.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
libiscsi-utils.x86_64                                1.18.0-7.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
libisoburn.i686                                      1.4.8-4.el8                                             AppStream 
libisoburn.x86_64                                    1.4.8-4.el8                                             AppStream 
libisofs.i686                                        1.4.8-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libisofs.x86_64                                      1.4.8-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libitm.i686                                          8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libitm.x86_64                                        8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libitm-devel.i686                                    8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
libitm-devel.x86_64                                  8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
libjose.i686                                         10-2.el8                                                AppStream 
libjose-devel.i686                                   10-2.el8                                                AppStream 
libjose-devel.x86_64                                 10-2.el8                                                AppStream 
libjpeg-turbo.i686                                   1.5.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libjpeg-turbo.x86_64                                 1.5.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.i686                             1.5.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libjpeg-turbo-devel.x86_64                           1.5.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libjpeg-turbo-utils.x86_64                           1.5.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libkadm5.i686                                        1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
libkadm5.x86_64                                      1.16.1-22.el8                                           BaseOS    
libkcapi.i686                                        1.1.1-16_1.el8                                          BaseOS    
libkcapi-hmaccalc.i686                               1.1.1-16_1.el8                                          BaseOS    
libkeepalive.x86_64                                  0.3-8.el8                                               BaseOS    
libkkc.i686                                          0.3.5-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libkkc.x86_64                                        0.3.5-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libkkc-common.noarch                                 0.3.5-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libkkc-data.x86_64                                   1:0.2.7-11.el8                                          AppStream 
libksba.i686                                         1.3.5-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
liblangtag.i686                                      0.6.2-5.el8                                             AppStream 
liblangtag.x86_64                                    0.6.2-5.el8                                             AppStream 
liblangtag-data.noarch                               0.6.2-5.el8                                             AppStream 
liblayout.noarch                                     0.2.10-17.el8                                           AppStream 
libldb.i686                                          1.4.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libldb-devel.i686                                    1.4.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libldb-devel.x86_64                                  1.4.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libloader.noarch                                     1.1.3-17.el8                                            AppStream 
liblockfile.i686                                     1.14-1.el8                                              AppStream 
liblockfile.x86_64                                   1.14-1.el8                                              AppStream 
liblognorm.i686                                      2.0.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
liblognorm.x86_64                                    2.0.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
liblognorm-doc.x86_64                                2.0.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
liblouis.i686                                        2.6.2-16.el8                                            AppStream 
liblouis.x86_64                                      2.6.2-16.el8                                            AppStream 
libluksmeta.i686                                     9-2.el8                                                 AppStream 
libluksmeta-devel.i686                               9-2.el8                                                 AppStream 
libluksmeta-devel.x86_64                             9-2.el8                                                 AppStream 
libmad.i686                                          0.15.1b-24.el8                                          AppStream 
libmad.x86_64                                        0.15.1b-24.el8                                          AppStream 
libmalaga.i686                                       7.12-23.el8                                             AppStream 
libmalaga.x86_64                                     7.12-23.el8                                             AppStream 
libmatchbox.i686                                     1.9-23.el8                                              AppStream 
libmatchbox.x86_64                                   1.9-23.el8                                              AppStream 
libmaxminddb.i686                                    1.2.0-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libmbim.i686                                         1.16.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libmbim.x86_64                                       1.16.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libmbim-utils.i686                                   1.16.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libmbim-utils.x86_64                                 1.16.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libmcpp.i686                                         2.7.2-20.el8                                            AppStream 
libmcpp.i686                                         2.7.2-20.el8                                            BaseOS    
libmcpp.x86_64                                       2.7.2-20.el8                                            AppStream 
libmcpp.x86_64                                       2.7.2-20.el8                                            BaseOS    
libmediaart.i686                                     1.9.4-4.el8                                             AppStream 
libmediaart.x86_64                                   1.9.4-4.el8                                             AppStream 
libmemcached.x86_64                                  1.0.18-15.el8                                           AppStream 
libmemcached-libs.i686                               1.0.18-15.el8                                           AppStream 
libmemcached-libs.x86_64                             1.0.18-15.el8                                           AppStream 
libmetalink.i686                                     0.1.3-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libmicrohttpd.i686                                   1:0.9.59-2.el8                                          BaseOS    
libmicrohttpd.x86_64                                 1:0.9.59-2.el8                                          BaseOS    
libmng.i686                                          2.0.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libmng.x86_64                                        2.0.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libmng-devel.i686                                    2.0.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libmng-devel.x86_64                                  2.0.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libmnl.i686                                          1.0.4-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
libmodman.i686                                       2.0.1-17.el8                                            BaseOS    
libmodulemd.i686                                     2.0.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libmodulemd.x86_64                                   2.0.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libmodulemd1.i686                                    1.8.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libmount.i686                                        2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libmpc.i686                                          1.0.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libmpc.x86_64                                        1.0.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libmpcdec.i686                                       1.2.6-20.el8                                            AppStream 
libmpcdec.x86_64                                     1.2.6-20.el8                                            AppStream 
libmspack.i686                                       0.7-0.1.alpha.el8.3                                     AppStream 
libmspub.i686                                        0.1.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libmspub.x86_64                                      0.1.4-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libmtp.i686                                          1.1.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libmtp.x86_64                                        1.1.14-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libmusicbrainz5.i686                                 5.1.0-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libmusicbrainz5.x86_64                               5.1.0-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libmwaw.i686                                         0.3.14-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libmwaw.x86_64                                       0.3.14-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libndp.i686                                          1.6-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
libnet.i686                                          1.1.6-15.el8                                            AppStream 
libnetfilter_conntrack.i686                          1.0.6-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libnetfilter_cthelper.i686                           1.0.0-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
libnetfilter_cthelper.x86_64                         1.0.0-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
libnetfilter_cttimeout.i686                          1.0.0-11.el8                                            BaseOS    
libnetfilter_cttimeout.x86_64                        1.0.0-11.el8                                            BaseOS    
libnetfilter_queue.i686                              1.0.2-11.el8                                            BaseOS    
libnetfilter_queue.x86_64                            1.0.2-11.el8                                            BaseOS    
libnfnetlink.i686                                    1.0.1-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
libnfsidmap.i686                                     1:2.3.3-14.el8_0.2                                      BaseOS    
libnftnl.i686                                        1.1.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libnghttp2.i686                                      1.33.0-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libnice.i686                                         0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                         AppStream 
libnice.x86_64                                       0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                         AppStream 
libnice-gstreamer1.i686                              0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                         AppStream 
libnice-gstreamer1.x86_64                            0.1.14-7.20180504git34d6044.el8                         AppStream 
libnl3.i686                                          3.4.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libnl3-cli.i686                                      3.4.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libnl3-devel.i686                                    3.4.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libnl3-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libnl3-doc.x86_64                                    3.4.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libnma.i686                                          1.8.10-5.el8                                            AppStream 
libnma.x86_64                                        1.8.10-5.el8                                            AppStream 
libnotify.i686                                       0.7.7-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libnotify.x86_64                                     0.7.7-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libnotify-devel.i686                                 0.7.7-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libnotify-devel.x86_64                               0.7.7-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libnsl.i686                                          2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
libnsl.x86_64                                        2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
libnsl2.i686                                         1.2.0-2.20180605git4a062cf.el8                          BaseOS    
liboauth.i686                                        1.0.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
liboauth.x86_64                                      1.0.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
liboauth-devel.i686                                  1.0.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
liboauth-devel.x86_64                                1.0.3-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libodfgen.i686                                       0.1.6-11.el8                                            AppStream 
libodfgen.x86_64                                     0.1.6-11.el8                                            AppStream 
libogg.i686                                          2:1.3.2-10.el8                                          AppStream 
libogg.x86_64                                        2:1.3.2-10.el8                                          AppStream 
libomp.i686                                          7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
libomp.x86_64                                        7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
libomp-devel.i686                                    7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
libomp-devel.x86_64                                  7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
libomp-test.x86_64                                   7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
libopenraw.i686                                      0.1.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
libopenraw.x86_64                                    0.1.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
liborcus.i686                                        0.13.4-2.el8                                            AppStream 
liborcus.x86_64                                      0.13.4-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libosinfo.i686                                       1.2.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libosinfo.x86_64                                     1.2.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libotf.i686                                          0.9.13-11.el8                                           AppStream 
libotf.x86_64                                        0.9.13-11.el8                                           AppStream 
libpagemaker.i686                                    0.0.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libpagemaker.x86_64                                  0.0.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libpaper.i686                                        1.1.24-22.el8                                           AppStream 
libpaper.x86_64                                      1.1.24-22.el8                                           AppStream 
libpath_utils.i686                                   0.2.1-39.el8                                            BaseOS    
libpcap.i686                                         14:1.9.0-1.el8                                          BaseOS    
libpciaccess.i686                                    0.14-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
libpeas.i686                                         1.22.0-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
libpeas.x86_64                                       1.22.0-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
libpeas-gtk.i686                                     1.22.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
libpeas-gtk.x86_64                                   1.22.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
libpeas-loader-python3.i686                          1.22.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
libpeas-loader-python3.x86_64                        1.22.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
libpfm.i686                                          4.10.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libpfm.x86_64                                        4.10.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libpfm-devel.i686                                    4.10.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libpfm-devel.x86_64                                  4.10.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libpinyin.i686                                       2.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libpinyin.x86_64                                     2.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libpinyin-data.i686                                  2.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libpinyin-data.x86_64                                2.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libpipeline.i686                                     1.5.0-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libpkgconf.i686                                      1.4.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libplist.i686                                        2.0.0-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libplist.x86_64                                      2.0.0-10.el8                                            AppStream 
libpmem.x86_64                                       1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpmem-devel.x86_64                                 1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpmemblk.x86_64                                    1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpmemblk-devel.x86_64                              1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpmemlog.x86_64                                    1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpmemlog-devel.x86_64                              1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpmemobj.x86_64                                    1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpmemobj-devel.x86_64                              1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpmempool.x86_64                                   1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpmempool-devel.x86_64                             1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libpng.i686                                          2:1.6.34-5.el8                                          BaseOS    
libpng-devel.i686                                    2:1.6.34-5.el8                                          BaseOS    
libpng-devel.x86_64                                  2:1.6.34-5.el8                                          BaseOS    
libpng12.i686                                        1.2.57-5.el8                                            AppStream 
libpng12.x86_64                                      1.2.57-5.el8                                            AppStream 
libpq.i686                                           10.5-1.el8                                              AppStream 
libpq.x86_64                                         10.5-1.el8                                              AppStream 
libpq-devel.i686                                     10.5-1.el8                                              AppStream 
libpq-devel.x86_64                                   10.5-1.el8                                              AppStream 
libproxy.i686                                        0.4.15-5.2.el8                                          BaseOS    
libproxy-bin.x86_64                                  0.4.15-5.2.el8                                          AppStream 
libproxy-gnome.x86_64                                0.4.15-5.2.el8                                          AppStream 
libproxy-networkmanager.x86_64                       0.4.15-5.2.el8                                          AppStream 
libproxy-webkitgtk4.x86_64                           0.4.15-5.2.el8                                          AppStream 
libpsl.i686                                          0.20.2-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
libpsm2.x86_64                                       10.3.58-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
libpsm2-compat.x86_64                                10.3.58-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
libpst-libs.i686                                     0.6.71-8.el8                                            AppStream 
libpst-libs.x86_64                                   0.6.71-8.el8                                            AppStream 
libpurple.i686                                       2.13.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
libpurple.x86_64                                     2.13.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
libpwquality.i686                                    1.4.0-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libqb.i686                                           1.0.3-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libqb.x86_64                                         1.0.3-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libqb-devel.i686                                     1.0.3-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libqb-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.3-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
libqmi.i686                                          1.20.0-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
libqmi.x86_64                                        1.20.0-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
libqmi-utils.i686                                    1.20.0-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
libqmi-utils.x86_64                                  1.20.0-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
libquadmath.i686                                     8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libquadmath.x86_64                                   8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libquadmath-devel.i686                               8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
libquadmath-devel.x86_64                             8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
libquvi.i686                                         0.9.4-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libquvi.x86_64                                       0.9.4-12.el8                                            AppStream 
libquvi-scripts.noarch                               0.9.20131130-9.el8                                      AppStream 
libqxp.i686                                          0.0.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libqxp.x86_64                                        0.0.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
librabbitmq.i686                                     0.9.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
librabbitmq.x86_64                                   0.9.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
librados2.i686                                       1:12.2.7-9.el8                                          AppStream 
librados2.x86_64                                     1:12.2.7-9.el8                                          AppStream 
libraw1394.i686                                      2.1.2-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libraw1394.x86_64                                    2.1.2-5.el8                                             AppStream 
librbd1.i686                                         1:12.2.7-9.el8                                          AppStream 
librbd1.x86_64                                       1:12.2.7-9.el8                                          AppStream 
librdkafka.i686                                      0.11.4-1.el8                                            AppStream 
librdkafka.x86_64                                    0.11.4-1.el8                                            AppStream 
librdmacm.i686                                       22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
librdmacm.x86_64                                     22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
librdmacm-utils.i686                                 22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
librdmacm-utils.x86_64                               22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
libref_array.i686                                    0.1.5-39.el8                                            BaseOS    
librelp.i686                                         1.2.16-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libreoffice-base.x86_64                              1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-calc.x86_64                              1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-core.x86_64                              1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-data.noarch                              1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-draw.x86_64                              1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-emailmerge.x86_64                        1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-filters.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-gdb-debug-support.x86_64                 1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-graphicfilter.x86_64                     1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-gtk2.x86_64                              1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-gtk3.x86_64                              1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ar.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-bg.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-bn.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ca.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-cs.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-da.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-de.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-dz.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-el.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-en.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-es.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-et.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-eu.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-fi.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-fr.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-gl.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-gu.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-he.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-hi.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-hr.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-hu.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-id.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-it.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ja.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ko.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-lt.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-lv.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-nb.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-nl.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-nn.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-pl.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-pt-BR.x86_64                        1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-pt-PT.x86_64                        1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ro.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ru.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-si.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-sk.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-sl.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-sv.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-ta.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-tr.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-uk.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-zh-Hans.x86_64                      1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-help-zh-Hant.x86_64                      1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-impress.x86_64                           1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-af.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ar.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-as.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-bg.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-bn.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-br.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ca.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-cs.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-cy.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-da.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-de.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-dz.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-el.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-en.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-es.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-et.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-eu.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-fa.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-fi.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-fr.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ga.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-gl.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-gu.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-he.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-hi.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-hr.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-hu.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-id.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-it.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ja.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-kk.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-kn.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ko.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-lt.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-lv.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-mai.x86_64                      1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ml.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-mr.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nb.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nl.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nn.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nr.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-nso.x86_64                      1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-or.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-pa.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-pl.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-pt-BR.x86_64                    1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-pt-PT.x86_64                    1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ro.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ru.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-si.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-sk.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-sl.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-sr.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ss.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-st.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-sv.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ta.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-te.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-th.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-tn.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-tr.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ts.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-uk.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-ve.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-xh.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-zh-Hans.x86_64                  1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-zh-Hant.x86_64                  1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-langpack-zu.x86_64                       1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-math.x86_64                              1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-ogltrans.x86_64                          1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-opensymbol-fonts.noarch                  1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-pdfimport.x86_64                         1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-pyuno.x86_64                             1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-ure.x86_64                               1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-ure-common.noarch                        1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-voikko.x86_64                            5.0-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libreoffice-wiki-publisher.x86_64                    1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-writer.x86_64                            1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-x11.x86_64                               1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreoffice-xsltfilter.x86_64                        1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
libreofficekit.x86_64                                1:6.0.6.1-13.el8                                        AppStream 
librepo.i686                                         1.9.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
libreport.i686                                       2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport.x86_64                                     2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-anaconda.x86_64                            2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-cli.x86_64                                 2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-filesystem.i686                            2.9.5-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
libreport-gtk.i686                                   2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-gtk.x86_64                                 2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-newt.x86_64                                2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-plugin-bugzilla.x86_64                     2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-plugin-kerneloops.x86_64                   2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-plugin-logger.x86_64                       2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-plugin-mailx.x86_64                        2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-plugin-reportuploader.x86_64               2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-plugin-rhtsupport.x86_64                   2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-plugin-ureport.x86_64                      2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-rhel.x86_64                                2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-rhel-anaconda-bugzilla.x86_64              2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-rhel-bugzilla.x86_64                       2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-web.i686                                   2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libreport-web.x86_64                                 2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
librepository.noarch                                 1.1.3-17.el8                                            AppStream 
libreswan.x86_64                                     3.27-9.el8                                              AppStream 
librevenge.i686                                      0.0.4-11.el8                                            AppStream 
librevenge.x86_64                                    0.0.4-11.el8                                            AppStream 
librevenge-gdb.i686                                  0.0.4-11.el8                                            AppStream 
librevenge-gdb.x86_64                                0.0.4-11.el8                                            AppStream 
librhsm.i686                                         0.0.3-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
librhsm.x86_64                                       0.0.3-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
librpmem.x86_64                                      1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
librpmem-devel.x86_64                                1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
librsvg2.i686                                        2.42.7-2.el8                                            AppStream 
librsvg2.x86_64                                      2.42.7-2.el8                                            AppStream 
librsvg2-devel.i686                                  2.42.7-2.el8                                            AppStream 
librsvg2-devel.x86_64                                2.42.7-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libsamplerate.i686                                   0.1.9-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libsamplerate.x86_64                                 0.1.9-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libsane-hpaio.i686                                   3.18.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libsane-hpaio.x86_64                                 3.18.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
libseccomp.i686                                      2.3.3-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
libsecret.i686                                       0.18.6-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libsecret-devel.i686                                 0.18.6-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libsecret-devel.x86_64                               0.18.6-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libselinux.i686                                      2.8-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
libselinux-devel.i686                                2.8-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
libselinux-devel.x86_64                              2.8-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
libselinux-ruby.x86_64                               2.8-6.el8                                               AppStream 
libselinux-utils.i686                                2.8-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
libsemanage.i686                                     2.8-5.el8                                               BaseOS    
libsepol.i686                                        2.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
libsepol-devel.i686                                  2.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
libsepol-devel.x86_64                                2.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
libserf.x86_64                                       1.3.9-8.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                      AppStream 
libserializer.noarch                                 1.1.2-18.el8                                            AppStream 
libshout.i686                                        2.2.2-19.el8                                            AppStream 
libshout.x86_64                                      2.2.2-19.el8                                            AppStream 
libsigc++20.i686                                     2.10.0-5.el8                                            AppStream 
libsigc++20.x86_64                                   2.10.0-5.el8                                            AppStream 
libsigsegv.i686                                      2.11-5.el8                                              BaseOS    
libsmartcols.i686                                    2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libsmartcols-devel.i686                              2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libsmartcols-devel.x86_64                            2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libsmbclient.i686                                    4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
libsmbios.i686                                       2.4.1-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libsmbios.x86_64                                     2.4.1-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libsmi.i686                                          0.4.8-22.el8                                            AppStream 
libsmi.x86_64                                        0.4.8-22.el8                                            AppStream 
libsndfile.i686                                      1.0.28-8.el8                                            AppStream 
libsndfile.x86_64                                    1.0.28-8.el8                                            AppStream 
libsolv.i686                                         0.6.35-6.el8                                            BaseOS    
libsoup.i686                                         2.62.3-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libsoup-devel.i686                                   2.62.3-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libsoup-devel.x86_64                                 2.62.3-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libspectre.i686                                      0.2.8-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libspectre.x86_64                                    0.2.8-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libspiro.i686                                        20150131-8.el8                                          AppStream 
libspiro.x86_64                                      20150131-8.el8                                          AppStream 
libsrtp.i686                                         1.5.4-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libsrtp.x86_64                                       1.5.4-8.el8                                             AppStream 
libss.i686                                           1.44.3-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
libssh.i686                                          0.8.5-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
libssh-devel.i686                                    0.8.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libssh-devel.x86_64                                  0.8.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libssh2.x86_64                                       1.8.0-8.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.1                   AppStream 
libsss_certmap.i686                                  2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
libsss_idmap.i686                                    2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
libsss_nss_idmap.i686                                2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
libsss_simpleifp.i686                                2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
libsss_simpleifp.x86_64                              2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
libstaroffice.i686                                   0.0.6-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libstaroffice.x86_64                                 0.0.6-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libstdc++.i686                                       8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libstdc++-devel.i686                                 8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
libstdc++-devel.x86_64                               8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
libstdc++-docs.x86_64                                8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           AppStream 
libstemmer.i686                                      0-10.585svn.el8                                         BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt.i686                                  1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-arcconf-plugin.noarch                 1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-hpsa-plugin.noarch                    1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-local-plugin.noarch                   1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-megaraid-plugin.noarch                1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-netapp-plugin.noarch                  1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-nfs-plugin.noarch                     1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-nfs-plugin-clibs.i686                 1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-nfs-plugin-clibs.x86_64               1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-nstor-plugin.noarch                   1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-smis-plugin.noarch                    1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libstoragemgmt-udev.x86_64                           1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
libsysfs.i686                                        2.1.0-24.el8                                            BaseOS    
libtalloc.i686                                       2.1.14-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libtalloc-devel.i686                                 2.1.14-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libtalloc-devel.x86_64                               2.1.14-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libtar.i686                                          1.2.20-15.el8                                           AppStream 
libtar.x86_64                                        1.2.20-15.el8                                           AppStream 
libtasn1.i686                                        4.13-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
libtasn1-devel.i686                                  4.13-3.el8                                              AppStream 
libtasn1-devel.x86_64                                4.13-3.el8                                              AppStream 
libtasn1-tools.x86_64                                4.13-3.el8                                              AppStream 
libtdb.i686                                          1.3.16-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libtdb-devel.i686                                    1.3.16-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libtdb-devel.x86_64                                  1.3.16-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libteam.i686                                         1.27-10.el8                                             BaseOS    
libteam-doc.x86_64                                   1.27-10.el8                                             BaseOS    
libtevent.i686                                       0.9.37-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
libtevent-devel.i686                                 0.9.37-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
libtevent-devel.x86_64                               0.9.37-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
libthai.i686                                         0.1.27-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libthai.x86_64                                       0.1.27-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libtheora.i686                                       1:1.1.1-21.el8                                          AppStream 
libtheora.x86_64                                     1:1.1.1-21.el8                                          AppStream 
libtiff.i686                                         4.0.9-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libtiff.x86_64                                       4.0.9-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libtiff-devel.i686                                   4.0.9-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libtiff-devel.x86_64                                 4.0.9-13.el8                                            AppStream 
libtimezonemap.i686                                  0.4.5.1-3.el8                                           AppStream 
libtimezonemap.x86_64                                0.4.5.1-3.el8                                           AppStream 
libtirpc.i686                                        1.1.4-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
libtirpc-devel.i686                                  1.1.4-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
libtirpc-devel.x86_64                                1.1.4-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
libtool.x86_64                                       2.4.6-25.el8                                            AppStream 
libtool-ltdl.i686                                    2.4.6-25.el8                                            BaseOS    
libtool-ltdl-devel.i686                              2.4.6-25.el8                                            AppStream 
libtool-ltdl-devel.x86_64                            2.4.6-25.el8                                            AppStream 
libtsan.x86_64                                       8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libubsan.i686                                        8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libubsan.x86_64                                      8.2.1-3.5.el8                                           BaseOS    
libucil.i686                                         0.9.10-16.el8                                           AppStream 
libucil.x86_64                                       0.9.10-16.el8                                           AppStream 
libudisks2.i686                                      2.8.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libunicap.i686                                       0.9.12-21.el8                                           AppStream 
libunicap.x86_64                                     0.9.12-21.el8                                           AppStream 
libunistring.i686                                    0.9.9-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
libusal.i686                                         1.1.11-39.el8                                           AppStream 
libusal.x86_64                                       1.1.11-39.el8                                           AppStream 
libusb.i686                                          1:0.1.5-12.el8                                          BaseOS    
libusb.x86_64                                        1:0.1.5-12.el8                                          BaseOS    
libusbmuxd.i686                                      1.0.10-9.el8                                            AppStream 
libusbmuxd.x86_64                                    1.0.10-9.el8                                            AppStream 
libusbx.i686                                         1.0.22-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libusbx-devel.i686                                   1.0.22-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libusbx-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.22-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libusbx-devel-doc.noarch                             1.0.22-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
libuser.i686                                         0.62-21.el8                                             BaseOS    
libutempter.i686                                     1.1.6-14.el8                                            BaseOS    
libuuid.i686                                         2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libuuid-devel.i686                                   2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libuuid-devel.x86_64                                 2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
libuv.i686                                           1:1.23.1-1.el8                                          AppStream 
libuv.x86_64                                         1:1.23.1-1.el8                                          AppStream 
libv4l.i686                                          1.14.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libv4l.x86_64                                        1.14.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libva.i686                                           2.1.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libva.x86_64                                         2.1.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libva-devel.i686                                     2.1.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libva-devel.x86_64                                   2.1.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libvarlink.i686                                      16-1.el8                                                BaseOS    
libvarlink.x86_64                                    16-1.el8                                                BaseOS    
libvarlink-util.x86_64                               16-1.el8                                                BaseOS    
libvdpau.i686                                        1.1.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libvdpau.x86_64                                      1.1.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
libverto.i686                                        0.3.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libverto-devel.i686                                  0.3.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libverto-devel.x86_64                                0.3.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libverto-libevent.i686                               0.3.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libverto-libevent.x86_64                             0.3.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libvirt.x86_64                                       4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-admin.x86_64                                 4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-bash-completion.x86_64                       4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-client.x86_64                                4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon.x86_64                                4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-config-network.x86_64                 4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-config-nwfilter.x86_64                4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-interface.x86_64               4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-network.x86_64                 4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nodedev.x86_64                 4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-nwfilter.x86_64                4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-qemu.x86_64                    4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-secret.x86_64                  4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage.x86_64                 4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-core.x86_64            4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-disk.x86_64            4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-gluster.x86_64         4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-iscsi.x86_64           4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-logical.x86_64         4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-mpath.x86_64           4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-rbd.x86_64             4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-driver-storage-scsi.x86_64            4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-daemon-kvm.x86_64                            4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-dbus.x86_64                                  1.2.0-3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
libvirt-devel.x86_64                                 4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-docs.x86_64                                  4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-gconfig.x86_64                               2.0.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libvirt-glib.x86_64                                  2.0.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libvirt-gobject.x86_64                               2.0.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libvirt-libs.x86_64                                  4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-lock-sanlock.x86_64                          4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvirt-nss.x86_64                                   4.5.0-24.3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                  AppStream 
libvisio.i686                                        0.1.6-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libvisio.x86_64                                      0.1.6-2.el8                                             AppStream 
libvisual.i686                                       1:0.4.0-24.el8                                          AppStream 
libvisual.x86_64                                     1:0.4.0-24.el8                                          AppStream 
libvma.x86_64                                        8.7.3-0.1.el8                                           AppStream 
libvmem.x86_64                                       1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libvmem-devel.x86_64                                 1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libvmmalloc.x86_64                                   1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libvmmalloc-devel.x86_64                             1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libvncserver.i686                                    0.9.11-9.el8                                            AppStream 
libvncserver.x86_64                                  0.9.11-9.el8                                            AppStream 
libvoikko.i686                                       4.1.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libvoikko.x86_64                                     4.1.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libvorbis.i686                                       1:1.3.6-1.el8                                           AppStream 
libvorbis.x86_64                                     1:1.3.6-1.el8                                           AppStream 
libvpx.i686                                          1.7.0-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libvpx.x86_64                                        1.7.0-6.el8                                             AppStream 
libwacom.i686                                        0.31-1.el8                                              AppStream 
libwacom.x86_64                                      0.31-1.el8                                              AppStream 
libwacom-data.noarch                                 0.31-1.el8                                              AppStream 
libwayland-client.i686                               1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libwayland-client.x86_64                             1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libwayland-cursor.i686                               1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libwayland-cursor.x86_64                             1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libwayland-egl.i686                                  1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libwayland-egl.x86_64                                1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libwayland-server.i686                               1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libwayland-server.x86_64                             1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
libwbclient.i686                                     4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
libwebp.i686                                         1.0.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libwebp.x86_64                                       1.0.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libwebp-devel.i686                                   1.0.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libwebp-devel.x86_64                                 1.0.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libwinpr.i686                                        2:2.0.0-46.rc4.el8                                      AppStream 
libwinpr.x86_64                                      2:2.0.0-46.rc4.el8                                      AppStream 
libwinpr-devel.i686                                  2:2.0.0-46.rc4.el8                                      AppStream 
libwinpr-devel.x86_64                                2:2.0.0-46.rc4.el8                                      AppStream 
libwmf.i686                                          0.2.9-8.el8_0                                           AppStream 
libwmf.x86_64                                        0.2.9-8.el8_0                                           AppStream 
libwmf-lite.i686                                     0.2.9-8.el8_0                                           AppStream 
libwmf-lite.x86_64                                   0.2.9-8.el8_0                                           AppStream 
libwnck3.i686                                        3.24.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libwnck3.x86_64                                      3.24.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libwpd.i686                                          0.10.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libwpd.x86_64                                        0.10.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
libwpg.i686                                          0.3.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libwpg.x86_64                                        0.3.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libwps.i686                                          0.4.9-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libwps.x86_64                                        0.4.9-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libwsman1.i686                                       2.6.5-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libwsman1.x86_64                                     2.6.5-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libxcam.i686                                         1.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libxcam.x86_64                                       1.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libxcb.i686                                          1.13-5.el8                                              AppStream 
libxcb.i686                                          1.13-5.el8                                              BaseOS    
libxcb-devel.i686                                    1.13-5.el8                                              AppStream 
libxcb-devel.x86_64                                  1.13-5.el8                                              AppStream 
libxcrypt.i686                                       4.1.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libxcrypt-devel.i686                                 4.1.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libxcrypt-devel.x86_64                               4.1.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
libxkbcommon.i686                                    0.8.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libxkbcommon-devel.i686                              0.8.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libxkbcommon-devel.x86_64                            0.8.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libxkbcommon-x11.i686                                0.8.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libxkbcommon-x11.x86_64                              0.8.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libxkbfile.i686                                      1.0.9-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libxkbfile.x86_64                                    1.0.9-9.el8                                             AppStream 
libxklavier.i686                                     5.4-11.el8                                              AppStream 
libxklavier.x86_64                                   5.4-11.el8                                              AppStream 
libxml2.i686                                         2.9.7-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libxml2-devel.i686                                   2.9.7-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libxml2-devel.x86_64                                 2.9.7-5.el8                                             AppStream 
libxshmfence.i686                                    1.3-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libxshmfence.x86_64                                  1.3-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libxshmfence-devel.i686                              1.3-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libxshmfence-devel.x86_64                            1.3-2.el8                                               AppStream 
libxslt.i686                                         1.1.32-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
libxslt-devel.i686                                   1.1.32-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libxslt-devel.x86_64                                 1.1.32-3.el8                                            AppStream 
libyami.i686                                         1.3.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libyami.x86_64                                       1.3.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libyaml.i686                                         0.1.7-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
libzhuyin.i686                                       2.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libzhuyin.x86_64                                     2.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
libzip.x86_64                                        1.5.1-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                      AppStream 
libzip-devel.x86_64                                  1.5.1-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                      AppStream 
libzip-tools.x86_64                                  1.5.1-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                      AppStream 
libzmf.i686                                          0.0.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
libzmf.x86_64                                        0.0.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
linuxconsoletools.x86_64                             1.6.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
linuxptp.x86_64                                      2.0-2.el8                                               AppStream 
lklug-fonts.noarch                                   0.6-17.20090803cvs.el8                                  AppStream 
lksctp-tools.i686                                    1.0.18-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
lksctp-tools.x86_64                                  1.0.18-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
lksctp-tools-devel.i686                              1.0.18-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
lksctp-tools-devel.x86_64                            1.0.18-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
lksctp-tools-doc.x86_64                              1.0.18-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
lld.i686                                             7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
lld.x86_64                                           7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
lld-devel.i686                                       7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
lld-devel.x86_64                                     7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
lld-libs.i686                                        7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
lld-libs.x86_64                                      7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
lldb.i686                                            7.0.1-2.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
lldb.x86_64                                          7.0.1-2.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
lldb-devel.i686                                      7.0.1-2.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
lldb-devel.x86_64                                    7.0.1-2.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
lldpad.i686                                          1.0.1-9.git036e314.el8                                  BaseOS    
lldpad.x86_64                                        1.0.1-9.git036e314.el8                                  BaseOS    
lldpd.i686                                           1.0.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
lldpd.x86_64                                         1.0.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
lldpd-devel.i686                                     1.0.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
lldpd-devel.x86_64                                   1.0.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
llvm.i686                                            7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm.x86_64                                          7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-devel.i686                                      7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-devel.x86_64                                    7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-doc.noarch                                      7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-googletest.i686                                 7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-googletest.x86_64                               7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-libs.i686                                       7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-libs.x86_64                                     7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-static.i686                                     7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-static.x86_64                                   7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-test.x86_64                                     7.0.1-3.module_el8.0.0+176+9dc62ab1                     AppStream 
llvm-toolset.i686                                    7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
llvm-toolset.x86_64                                  7.0.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
lm_sensors.i686                                      3.4.0-17.20180522git70f7e08.el8                         BaseOS    
lm_sensors.x86_64                                    3.4.0-17.20180522git70f7e08.el8                         BaseOS    
lm_sensors-devel.i686                                3.4.0-17.20180522git70f7e08.el8                         BaseOS    
lm_sensors-devel.x86_64                              3.4.0-17.20180522git70f7e08.el8                         BaseOS    
lm_sensors-libs.i686                                 3.4.0-17.20180522git70f7e08.el8                         BaseOS    
lm_sensors-libs.x86_64                               3.4.0-17.20180522git70f7e08.el8                         BaseOS    
lm_sensors-sensord.x86_64                            3.4.0-17.20180522git70f7e08.el8                         AppStream 
lockdev.i686                                         1.0.4-0.28.20111007git.el8                              BaseOS    
lockdev.x86_64                                       1.0.4-0.28.20111007git.el8                              BaseOS    
logrotate.i686                                       3.14.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
logwatch.noarch                                      7.4.3-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
lohit-assamese-fonts.noarch                          2.91.5-3.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-bengali-fonts.noarch                           2.91.5-3.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.4-3.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-devanagari-fonts.noarch                        2.95.4-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
lohit-gujarati-fonts.noarch                          2.92.4-3.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-gurmukhi-fonts.noarch                          2.91.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-kannada-fonts.noarch                           2.5.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
lohit-malayalam-fonts.noarch                         2.92.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-marathi-fonts.noarch                           2.94.2-5.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-nepali-fonts.noarch                            2.94.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-odia-fonts.noarch                              2.91.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-tamil-fonts.noarch                             2.91.3-3.el8                                            AppStream 
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-3.el8                                             AppStream 
lohit-telugu-fonts.noarch                            2.5.5-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
lorax.x86_64                                         28.14.23-7.el8_0                                        AppStream 
lorax-composer.x86_64                                28.14.23-7.el8_0                                        AppStream 
lorax-lmc-novirt.x86_64                              28.14.23-7.el8_0                                        AppStream 
lorax-lmc-virt.x86_64                                28.14.23-7.el8_0                                        AppStream 
lorax-templates-generic.x86_64                       28.14.23-7.el8_0                                        AppStream 
lorax-templates-rhel.noarch                          8.0-20.el8                                              AppStream 
lpsolve.x86_64                                       5.5.2.0-20.el8                                          AppStream 
lrzsz.i686                                           0.12.20-43.el8                                          BaseOS    
lrzsz.x86_64                                         0.12.20-43.el8                                          BaseOS    
lshw.i686                                            B.02.18-16.el8                                          BaseOS    
lshw-gui.x86_64                                      B.02.18-16.el8                                          AppStream 
lsof.i686                                            4.91-2.el8                                              BaseOS    
lsscsi.i686                                          0.30-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
ltrace.x86_64                                        0.7.91-27.el8                                           AppStream 
lttng-ust.i686                                       2.8.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
lttng-ust.x86_64                                     2.8.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
lua.x86_64                                           5.3.4-10.el8                                            AppStream 
lua-expat.x86_64                                     1.3.0-12.el8.1                                          AppStream 
lua-guestfs.x86_64                                   1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
lua-json.noarch                                      1.3.2-9.el8                                             AppStream 
lua-libs.i686                                        5.3.4-10.el8                                            BaseOS    
lua-lpeg.x86_64                                      1.0.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
lua-socket.x86_64                                    3.0-0.17.rc1.el8                                        AppStream 
lvm2.i686                                            8:2.03.02-6.el8                                         BaseOS    
lvm2-dbusd.noarch                                    8:2.03.02-6.el8                                         BaseOS    
lvm2-libs.i686                                       8:2.03.02-6.el8                                         BaseOS    
lvm2-lockd.i686                                      8:2.03.02-6.el8                                         BaseOS    
lvm2-lockd.x86_64                                    8:2.03.02-6.el8                                         BaseOS    
lz4.i686                                             1.8.1.2-4.el8                                           BaseOS    
lz4.x86_64                                           1.8.1.2-4.el8                                           BaseOS    
lz4-devel.i686                                       1.8.1.2-4.el8                                           BaseOS    
lz4-devel.x86_64                                     1.8.1.2-4.el8                                           BaseOS    
lz4-libs.i686                                        1.8.1.2-4.el8                                           BaseOS    
lzo.i686                                             2.08-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
lzo-devel.i686                                       2.08-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
lzo-devel.x86_64                                     2.08-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
lzo-minilzo.i686                                     2.08-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
lzo-minilzo.x86_64                                   2.08-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
lzop.i686                                            1.03-20.el8                                             BaseOS    
lzop.x86_64                                          1.03-20.el8                                             BaseOS    
m17n-db.noarch                                       1.8.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
m17n-lib.i686                                        1.8.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
m17n-lib.x86_64                                      1.8.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
m4.i686                                              1.4.18-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
m4.x86_64                                            1.4.18-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
madan-fonts.noarch                                   2.000-20.el8                                            AppStream 
mailman.x86_64                                       3:2.1.29-4.module_el8.0.0+34+0459d3d0                   AppStream 
mailx.i686                                           12.5-29.el8                                             BaseOS    
mailx.x86_64                                         12.5-29.el8                                             BaseOS    
make.i686                                            1:4.2.1-9.el8                                           BaseOS    
make.x86_64                                          1:4.2.1-9.el8                                           BaseOS    
make-devel.i686                                      1:4.2.1-9.el8                                           BaseOS    
make-devel.x86_64                                    1:4.2.1-9.el8                                           BaseOS    
malaga.x86_64                                        7.12-23.el8                                             AppStream 
malaga-suomi-voikko.x86_64                           1.19-5.el8                                              AppStream 
mallard-rng.noarch                                   1.0.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
man-db.i686                                          2.7.6.1-17.el8                                          BaseOS    
man-db-cron.noarch                                   2.7.6.1-17.el8                                          BaseOS    
man-pages.i686                                       4.15-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
man-pages-overrides.noarch                           8.0.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
mariadb.x86_64                                       3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-backup.x86_64                                3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-common.x86_64                                3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-connector-c.i686                             3.0.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
mariadb-connector-c.x86_64                           3.0.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
mariadb-connector-c-config.noarch                    3.0.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
mariadb-connector-c-devel.i686                       3.0.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
mariadb-connector-c-devel.x86_64                     3.0.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
mariadb-connector-odbc.x86_64                        3.0.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
mariadb-devel.x86_64                                 3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-embedded.x86_64                              3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-embedded-devel.x86_64                        3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-errmsg.x86_64                                3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-gssapi-server.x86_64                         3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-java-client.noarch                           2.2.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
mariadb-oqgraph-engine.x86_64                        3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-server.x86_64                                3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-server-galera.x86_64                         3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-server-utils.x86_64                          3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
mariadb-test.x86_64                                  3:10.3.11-2.module_el8.0.0+35+6f2527ed                  AppStream 
marisa.i686                                          0.2.4-36.el8                                            AppStream 
marisa.x86_64                                        0.2.4-36.el8                                            AppStream 
matchbox-window-manager.x86_64                       1.2-23.20070628svn.el8                                  AppStream 
maven.noarch                                         1:3.5.4-5.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
maven-lib.noarch                                     1:3.5.4-5.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
maven-resolver-api.noarch                            1:1.1.1-2.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
maven-resolver-connector-basic.noarch                1:1.1.1-2.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
maven-resolver-impl.noarch                           1:1.1.1-2.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
maven-resolver-spi.noarch                            1:1.1.1-2.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
maven-resolver-transport-wagon.noarch                1:1.1.1-2.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
maven-resolver-util.noarch                           1:1.1.1-2.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
maven-shared-utils.noarch                            3.2.1-0.1.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
maven-wagon-file.noarch                              3.1.0-1.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
maven-wagon-http.noarch                              3.1.0-1.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
maven-wagon-http-shared.noarch                       3.1.0-1.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
maven-wagon-provider-api.noarch                      3.1.0-1.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
mc.x86_64                                            1:4.8.19-9.el8                                          AppStream 
mcelog.i686                                          3:159-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
mcpp.i686                                            2.7.2-20.el8                                            BaseOS    
mcpp.x86_64                                          2.7.2-20.el8                                            AppStream 
mcpp.x86_64                                          2.7.2-20.el8                                            BaseOS    
mcstrans.i686                                        2.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
mcstrans.x86_64                                      2.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
mdadm.i686                                           4.1-4.el8                                               BaseOS    
meanwhile.i686                                       1.1.0-23.el8                                            AppStream 
meanwhile.x86_64                                     1.1.0-23.el8                                            AppStream 
mecab.x86_64                                         0.996-1.module_el8.0.0+41+ca30bab6.9                    AppStream 
mecab-ipadic.x86_64                                  2.7.0.20070801-16.module_el8.0.0+41+ca30bab6            AppStream 
mecab-ipadic-EUCJP.x86_64                            2.7.0.20070801-16.module_el8.0.0+41+ca30bab6            AppStream 
media-player-info.noarch                             23-2.el8                                                AppStream 
memcached.x86_64                                     1.5.9-2.el8                                             AppStream 
memkind.x86_64                                       1.7.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
memtest86+.x86_64                                    5.01-19.el8                                             BaseOS    
mercurial.x86_64                                     4.8.2-1.module_el8.0.0+40+715dddeb                      AppStream 
mercurial-hgk.x86_64                                 4.8.2-1.module_el8.0.0+40+715dddeb                      AppStream 
mesa-dri-drivers.i686                                18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-dri-drivers.x86_64                              18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-filesystem.i686                                 18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-filesystem.x86_64                               18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-khr-devel.i686                                  18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-khr-devel.x86_64                                18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libEGL.i686                                     18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libEGL.x86_64                                   18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libEGL-devel.i686                               18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libEGL-devel.x86_64                             18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libGL.i686                                      18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libGL.x86_64                                    18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libGL-devel.i686                                18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libGL-devel.x86_64                              18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libGLES.x86_64                                  18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libGLU.i686                                     9.0.0-15.el8                                            AppStream 
mesa-libGLU.x86_64                                   9.0.0-15.el8                                            AppStream 
mesa-libGLU-devel.i686                               9.0.0-15.el8                                            AppStream 
mesa-libGLU-devel.x86_64                             9.0.0-15.el8                                            AppStream 
mesa-libGLw.i686                                     8.0.0-14.el8                                            AppStream 
mesa-libGLw.x86_64                                   8.0.0-14.el8                                            AppStream 
mesa-libGLw-devel.i686                               8.0.0-14.el8                                            AppStream 
mesa-libGLw-devel.x86_64                             8.0.0-14.el8                                            AppStream 
mesa-libOSMesa.i686                                  18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libOSMesa.x86_64                                18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libgbm.i686                                     18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libgbm.x86_64                                   18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libglapi.i686                                   18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libglapi.x86_64                                 18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libxatracker.i686                               18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-libxatracker.x86_64                             18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-vdpau-drivers.i686                              18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-vdpau-drivers.x86_64                            18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-vulkan-devel.i686                               18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-vulkan-devel.x86_64                             18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-vulkan-drivers.i686                             18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
mesa-vulkan-drivers.x86_64                           18.3.1-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
metacity.i686                                        3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
metacity.x86_64                                      3.28.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
microcode_ctl.i686                                   4:20180807a-2.20190618.1.el8_0                          BaseOS    
microdnf.x86_64                                      3.0.1-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
minicom.i686                                         2.7.1-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
minicom.x86_64                                       2.7.1-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
mksh.i686                                            56c-5.el8                                               BaseOS    
mksh.x86_64                                          56c-5.el8                                               BaseOS    
mlocate.i686                                         0.26-20.el8                                             BaseOS    
mobile-broadband-provider-info.noarch                1.20170310-1.el8                                        BaseOS    
mod_auth_gssapi.x86_64                               1.6.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
mod_auth_mellon.x86_64                               0.14.0-3.el8_0.2                                        AppStream 
mod_authnz_pam.x86_64                                1.1.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
mod_dav_svn.x86_64                                   1.10.2-1.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                     AppStream 
mod_fcgid.x86_64                                     2.3.9-16.el8                                            AppStream 
mod_http2.x86_64                                     1.11.3-3.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                    AppStream 
mod_intercept_form_submit.x86_64                     1.1.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
mod_ldap.x86_64                                      2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                   AppStream 
mod_lookup_identity.x86_64                           1.0.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
mod_md.x86_64                                        2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                   AppStream 
mod_proxy_html.x86_64                                1:2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                 AppStream 
mod_security.x86_64                                  2.9.2-8.el8                                             AppStream 
mod_security-mlogc.x86_64                            2.9.2-8.el8                                             AppStream 
mod_security_crs.noarch                              3.0.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
mod_session.x86_64                                   2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                   AppStream 
mod_ssl.x86_64                                       1:2.4.37-12.module_el8.0.0+185+5908b0db                 AppStream 
mokutil.i686                                         1:0.3.0-9.el8                                           BaseOS    
mokutil.x86_64                                       1:0.3.0-9.el8                                           BaseOS    
motif.i686                                           2.3.4-16.el8                                            AppStream 
motif.x86_64                                         2.3.4-16.el8                                            AppStream 
motif-devel.i686                                     2.3.4-16.el8                                            AppStream 
motif-devel.x86_64                                   2.3.4-16.el8                                            AppStream 
motif-static.i686                                    2.3.4-16.el8                                            AppStream 
motif-static.x86_64                                  2.3.4-16.el8                                            AppStream 
mousetweaks.x86_64                                   3.12.0-11.el8                                           AppStream 
mozilla-filesystem.x86_64                            1.9-18.el8                                              AppStream 
mozjs52.i686                                         52.9.0-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
mozvoikko.noarch                                     2.1-5.el8                                               AppStream 
mpfr.i686                                            3.1.6-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
mpfr-devel.i686                                      3.1.6-1.el8                                             AppStream 
mpfr-devel.x86_64                                    3.1.6-1.el8                                             AppStream 
mpg123.x86_64                                        1.25.10-2.el8                                           AppStream 
mpg123-libs.i686                                     1.25.10-2.el8                                           AppStream 
mpg123-libs.x86_64                                   1.25.10-2.el8                                           AppStream 
mpg123-plugins-pulseaudio.x86_64                     1.25.10-2.el8                                           AppStream 
mpich.i686                                           3.2.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
mpich.x86_64                                         3.2.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
mpich-devel.i686                                     3.2.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
mpich-devel.x86_64                                   3.2.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
mpitests-mpich.x86_64                                5.4.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
mpitests-mvapich2.x86_64                             5.4.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
mpitests-mvapich2-psm2.x86_64                        5.4.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
mpitests-openmpi.x86_64                              5.4.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
mrtg.x86_64                                          2.17.7-1.el8                                            AppStream 
mstflint.x86_64                                      4.11.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
msv-demo.noarch                                      1:2013.6.1-10.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                AppStream 
msv-javadoc.noarch                                   1:2013.6.1-10.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                AppStream 
msv-manual.noarch                                    1:2013.6.1-10.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                AppStream 
msv-msv.noarch                                       1:2013.6.1-10.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                AppStream 
msv-rngconv.noarch                                   1:2013.6.1-10.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                AppStream 
msv-xmlgen.noarch                                    1:2013.6.1-10.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                AppStream 
msv-xsdlib.noarch                                    1:2013.6.1-10.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                AppStream 
mt-st.x86_64                                         1.1-24.el8                                              AppStream 
mtdev.i686                                           1.1.5-12.el8                                            AppStream 
mtdev.x86_64                                         1.1.5-12.el8                                            AppStream 
mtools.i686                                          4.0.18-14.el8                                           BaseOS    
mtools.x86_64                                        4.0.18-14.el8                                           BaseOS    
mtr.i686                                             2:0.92-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
mtr-gtk.x86_64                                       2:0.92-1.el8                                            AppStream 
mtx.x86_64                                           1.3.12-17.el8                                           AppStream 
multilib-rpm-config.noarch                           1-10.el8                                                AppStream 
munge.x86_64                                         0.5.13-1.el8                                            AppStream 
munge-libs.i686                                      0.5.13-1.el8                                            AppStream 
munge-libs.x86_64                                    0.5.13-1.el8                                            AppStream 
mutt.x86_64                                          5:1.10.1-1.el8                                          AppStream 
mutter.i686                                          3.28.3-19.el8_0                                         AppStream 
mutter.x86_64                                        3.28.3-19.el8_0                                         AppStream 
mvapich2.x86_64                                      2.3-5.el8                                               AppStream 
mvapich2-psm2.x86_64                                 2.3-5.el8                                               AppStream 
mysql.x86_64                                         8.0.17-3.module_el8.0.0+181+899d6349                    AppStream 
mysql-common.x86_64                                  8.0.17-3.module_el8.0.0+181+899d6349                    AppStream 
mysql-devel.x86_64                                   8.0.17-3.module_el8.0.0+181+899d6349                    AppStream 
mysql-errmsg.x86_64                                  8.0.17-3.module_el8.0.0+181+899d6349                    AppStream 
mysql-libs.x86_64                                    8.0.17-3.module_el8.0.0+181+899d6349                    AppStream 
mysql-server.x86_64                                  8.0.17-3.module_el8.0.0+181+899d6349                    AppStream 
mysql-test.x86_64                                    8.0.17-3.module_el8.0.0+181+899d6349                    AppStream 
mythes.i686                                          1.2.4-9.el8                                             AppStream 
mythes.x86_64                                        1.2.4-9.el8                                             AppStream 
mythes-bg.noarch                                     4.3-12.el8                                              AppStream 
mythes-ca.noarch                                     1.5.0-15.el8                                            AppStream 
mythes-cs.noarch                                     0.20070926-19.el8                                       AppStream 
mythes-da.noarch                                     0.20100629.15.16-14.el8                                 AppStream 
mythes-de.noarch                                     0.20180226-3.el8                                        AppStream 
mythes-el.noarch                                     0.20070412-19.el8                                       AppStream 
mythes-en.noarch                                     3.0-23.el8                                              AppStream 
mythes-es.noarch                                     2.3-1.el8                                               AppStream 
mythes-fr.noarch                                     2.3-10.el8                                              AppStream 
mythes-ga.noarch                                     0.20071001-19.el8                                       AppStream 
mythes-hu.noarch                                     0.20101019-15.el8                                       AppStream 
mythes-it.noarch                                     2.0.9l-18.el8                                           AppStream 
mythes-lb.noarch                                     0.20121128-9.el8                                        AppStream 
mythes-lv.noarch                                     1.0.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
mythes-mi.noarch                                     0.20080630-17.el8                                       AppStream 
mythes-nb.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-7.el8                                          AppStream 
mythes-ne.noarch                                     1.1-14.el8                                              AppStream 
mythes-nl.noarch                                     0.20130131-8.el8                                        AppStream 
mythes-nn.noarch                                     1:2.0.10-7.el8                                          AppStream 
mythes-pl.noarch                                     1.5-20.el8                                              AppStream 
mythes-pt.noarch                                     0.20060817-19.el8                                       AppStream 
mythes-ro.noarch                                     3.3-13.el8                                              AppStream 
mythes-ru.noarch                                     0.20070613-17.el8                                       AppStream 
mythes-sk.noarch                                     0.20130130-11.el8                                       AppStream 
mythes-sl.noarch                                     0.20130130-11.el8                                       AppStream 
mythes-sv.noarch                                     1.3-13.el8                                              AppStream 
mythes-uk.noarch                                     1.6.5-14.el8                                            AppStream 
nafees-web-naskh-fonts.noarch                        1.2-18.el8                                              AppStream 
nano.i686                                            2.9.8-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
nautilus.x86_64                                      3.28.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
nautilus-extensions.i686                             3.28.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
nautilus-extensions.x86_64                           3.28.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
nautilus-sendto.x86_64                               1:3.8.6-2.el8                                           AppStream 
navilu-fonts.noarch                                  1.2-11.el8                                              AppStream 
nbdkit.x86_64                                        1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
nbdkit-bash-completion.noarch                        1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
nbdkit-basic-plugins.x86_64                          1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
nbdkit-devel.x86_64                                  1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
nbdkit-example-plugins.x86_64                        1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
nbdkit-plugin-gzip.x86_64                            1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
nbdkit-plugin-python-common.x86_64                   1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
nbdkit-plugin-python3.x86_64                         1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
nbdkit-plugin-vddk.x86_64                            1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
nbdkit-plugin-xz.x86_64                              1.4.2-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
ncompress.x86_64                                     4.2.4.4-12.el8                                          AppStream 
ncurses.i686                                         6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      BaseOS    
ncurses-c++-libs.i686                                6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      BaseOS    
ncurses-c++-libs.x86_64                              6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      BaseOS    
ncurses-compat-libs.i686                             6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      BaseOS    
ncurses-compat-libs.x86_64                           6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      BaseOS    
ncurses-devel.i686                                   6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      BaseOS    
ncurses-devel.x86_64                                 6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      BaseOS    
ncurses-libs.i686                                    6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      BaseOS    
ncurses-term.noarch                                  6.1-7.20180224.el8                                      BaseOS    
ndctl.x86_64                                         62-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
ndctl-libs.i686                                      62-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
ndctl-libs.x86_64                                    62-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
neon.i686                                            0.30.2-6.el8                                            AppStream 
neon.x86_64                                          0.30.2-6.el8                                            AppStream 
net-snmp.x86_64                                      1:5.8-7.el8_0.2                                         AppStream 
net-snmp-agent-libs.i686                             1:5.8-7.el8_0.2                                         AppStream 
net-snmp-agent-libs.x86_64                           1:5.8-7.el8_0.2                                         AppStream 
net-snmp-devel.i686                                  1:5.8-7.el8_0.2                                         AppStream 
net-snmp-devel.x86_64                                1:5.8-7.el8_0.2                                         AppStream 
net-snmp-libs.i686                                   1:5.8-7.el8_0.2                                         BaseOS    
net-snmp-libs.x86_64                                 1:5.8-7.el8_0.2                                         BaseOS    
net-snmp-utils.x86_64                                1:5.8-7.el8_0.2                                         AppStream 
net-tools.i686                                       2.0-0.51.20160912git.el8                                BaseOS    
netcf.x86_64                                         0.2.8-11.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
netcf-devel.x86_64                                   0.2.8-11.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
netcf-libs.x86_64                                    0.2.8-11.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
netconsole-service.noarch                            10.00.1-1.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
netlabel_tools.i686                                  0.30.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
netlabel_tools.x86_64                                0.30.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
netpbm.i686                                          10.82.00-6.el8                                          AppStream 
netpbm.x86_64                                        10.82.00-6.el8                                          AppStream 
netpbm-progs.x86_64                                  10.82.00-6.el8                                          AppStream 
nettle.i686                                          3.4.1-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
nettle-devel.i686                                    3.4.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
nettle-devel.x86_64                                  3.4.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
network-manager-applet.x86_64                        1.8.10-5.el8                                            AppStream 
network-scripts.i686                                 10.00.1-1.el8                                           BaseOS    
network-scripts.x86_64                               10.00.1-1.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
network-scripts-team.x86_64                          1.27-10.el8                                             BaseOS    
newt.i686                                            0.52.20-9.el8                                           BaseOS    
newt-devel.i686                                      0.52.20-9.el8                                           AppStream 
newt-devel.x86_64                                    0.52.20-9.el8                                           AppStream 
nfs-utils.i686                                       1:2.3.3-14.el8_0                                        BaseOS    
nfs-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.3.3-14.el8_0.2                                      BaseOS    
nfs4-acl-tools.i686                                  0.3.5-0.el8                                             BaseOS    
nfs4-acl-tools.x86_64                                0.3.5-0.el8                                             BaseOS    
nftables.i686                                        1:0.9.0-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
nginx.x86_64                                         1:1.14.1-9.module_el8.0.0+184+e34fea82                  AppStream 
nginx-all-modules.noarch                             1:1.14.1-9.module_el8.0.0+184+e34fea82                  AppStream 
nginx-filesystem.noarch                              1:1.14.1-9.module_el8.0.0+184+e34fea82                  AppStream 
nginx-mod-http-image-filter.x86_64                   1:1.14.1-9.module_el8.0.0+184+e34fea82                  AppStream 
nginx-mod-http-perl.x86_64                           1:1.14.1-9.module_el8.0.0+184+e34fea82                  AppStream 
nginx-mod-http-xslt-filter.x86_64                    1:1.14.1-9.module_el8.0.0+184+e34fea82                  AppStream 
nginx-mod-mail.x86_64                                1:1.14.1-9.module_el8.0.0+184+e34fea82                  AppStream 
nginx-mod-stream.x86_64                              1:1.14.1-9.module_el8.0.0+184+e34fea82                  AppStream 
nm-connection-editor.x86_64                          1.8.10-5.el8                                            AppStream 
nmap.x86_64                                          2:7.70-4.el8                                            AppStream 
nodejs.x86_64                                        1:10.16.3-2.module_el8.0.0+186+542b25fc                 AppStream 
nodejs-devel.x86_64                                  1:10.16.3-2.module_el8.0.0+186+542b25fc                 AppStream 
nodejs-docs.noarch                                   1:10.16.3-2.module_el8.0.0+186+542b25fc                 AppStream 
nodejs-nodemon.noarch                                1.18.3-1.module_el8.0.0+14+a5a48e73                     AppStream 
nodejs-packaging.noarch                              17-3.module_el8.0.0+186+542b25fc                        AppStream 
npm.x86_64                                           1:6.9.0-1.10.16.3.2.module_el8.0.0+186+542b25fc         AppStream 
npth.i686                                            1.5-4.el8                                               BaseOS    
nscd.x86_64                                          2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
nspr.i686                                            4.21.0-2.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nspr-devel.i686                                      4.21.0-2.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nspr-devel.x86_64                                    4.21.0-2.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss.i686                                             3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-altfiles.i686                                    2.18.1-10.el8                                           AppStream 
nss-altfiles.x86_64                                  2.18.1-10.el8                                           AppStream 
nss-devel.i686                                       3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-devel.x86_64                                     3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-pam-ldapd.i686                                   0.9.9-3.el8                                             AppStream 
nss-pam-ldapd.x86_64                                 0.9.9-3.el8                                             AppStream 
nss-softokn.i686                                     3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-softokn-devel.i686                               3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-softokn-devel.x86_64                             3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-softokn-freebl.i686                              3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.i686                        3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-softokn-freebl-devel.x86_64                      3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-tools.x86_64                                     3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-util.i686                                        3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-util-devel.i686                                  3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss-util-devel.x86_64                                3.44.0-7.el8_0                                          AppStream 
nss_db.i686                                          2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
nss_db.x86_64                                        2.28-42.el8.1                                           BaseOS    
nss_nis.i686                                         3.0-8.el8                                               BaseOS    
nss_nis.x86_64                                       3.0-8.el8                                               BaseOS    
nss_wrapper.i686                                     1.1.3-3.el8                                             AppStream 
nss_wrapper.x86_64                                   1.1.3-3.el8                                             AppStream 
ntpstat.noarch                                       0.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
ntsysv.x86_64                                        1.11-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
numactl.i686                                         2.0.12-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
numactl.x86_64                                       2.0.12-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
numactl-devel.i686                                   2.0.12-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
numactl-devel.x86_64                                 2.0.12-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
numactl-libs.i686                                    2.0.12-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
numad.i686                                           0.5-26.20150602git.el8                                  BaseOS    
numad.x86_64                                         0.5-26.20150602git.el8                                  BaseOS    
nvme-cli.x86_64                                      1.6-4.el8_0                                             BaseOS    
nvmetcli.noarch                                      0.6-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
ocaml-srpm-macros.noarch                             5-4.el8                                                 AppStream 
oci-umount.x86_64                                    2:2.3.4-2.git87f9237.module_el8.0.0+194+ac560166        AppStream 
ocl-icd.i686                                         2.2.12-1.el8                                            AppStream 
ocl-icd.x86_64                                       2.2.12-1.el8                                            AppStream 
oddjob.x86_64                                        0.34.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
oddjob-mkhomedir.x86_64                              0.34.4-7.el8                                            AppStream 
omping.x86_64                                        0.0.4-14.el8                                            AppStream 
ongres-scram.noarch                                  1.0.0~beta.2-5.el8                                      AppStream 
ongres-scram-client.noarch                           1.0.0~beta.2-5.el8                                      AppStream 
oniguruma.i686                                       6.8.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
oniguruma.x86_64                                     6.8.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
opa-address-resolution.x86_64                        1:10.7.0.0.133-2.el8                                    BaseOS    
opa-basic-tools.x86_64                               1:10.7.0.0.133-2.el8                                    BaseOS    
opa-fastfabric.x86_64                                1:10.7.0.0.133-2.el8                                    BaseOS    
opa-fm.x86_64                                        1:10.7.0.0.145-2.el8                                    BaseOS    
opa-libopamgt.x86_64                                 1:10.7.0.0.133-2.el8                                    BaseOS    
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-6.el8                                              AppStream 
open-sans-fonts.noarch                               1.10-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
open-vm-tools-desktop.x86_64                         10.3.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
openal-soft.i686                                     1.18.2-7.el8                                            AppStream 
openal-soft.x86_64                                   1.18.2-7.el8                                            AppStream 
openblas.i686                                        0.3.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
openblas.x86_64                                      0.3.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
openblas-srpm-macros.noarch                          2-2.el8                                                 AppStream 
openblas-threads.i686                                0.3.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
openblas-threads.x86_64                              0.3.3-2.el8                                             AppStream 
openchange.i686                                      2.3-23.el8                                              AppStream 
openchange.x86_64                                    2.3-23.el8                                              AppStream 
opencl-filesystem.noarch                             1.0-6.el8                                               AppStream 
opencryptoki.x86_64                                  3.10.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
opencryptoki-icsftok.i686                            3.10.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
opencryptoki-icsftok.x86_64                          3.10.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
opencryptoki-libs.i686                               3.10.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
opencryptoki-libs.x86_64                             3.10.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
opencryptoki-swtok.i686                              3.10.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
opencryptoki-swtok.x86_64                            3.10.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
opencryptoki-tpmtok.i686                             3.10.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
opencryptoki-tpmtok.x86_64                           3.10.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
opencv-contrib.i686                                  3.4.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
opencv-contrib.x86_64                                3.4.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
opencv-core.i686                                     3.4.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
opencv-core.x86_64                                   3.4.1-9.el8                                             AppStream 
openhpi.x86_64                                       3.8.0-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
openhpi-libs.i686                                    3.8.0-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
openhpi-libs.x86_64                                  3.8.0-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
openjpeg2.i686                                       2.3.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
openjpeg2.x86_64                                     2.3.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
openjpeg2-devel-docs.noarch                          2.3.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
openjpeg2-tools.x86_64                               2.3.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
openldap.i686                                        2.4.46-9.el8                                            BaseOS    
openldap-clients.i686                                2.4.46-9.el8                                            BaseOS    
openldap-clients.x86_64                              2.4.46-9.el8                                            BaseOS    
openldap-devel.i686                                  2.4.46-9.el8                                            BaseOS    
openldap-devel.x86_64                                2.4.46-9.el8                                            BaseOS    
openmpi.i686                                         3.1.2-5.el8                                             AppStream 
openmpi.x86_64                                       3.1.2-5.el8                                             AppStream 
openmpi-devel.i686                                   3.1.2-5.el8                                             AppStream 
openmpi-devel.x86_64                                 3.1.2-5.el8                                             AppStream 
opensc.i686                                          0.19.0-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
opensc.x86_64                                        0.19.0-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
openscap.i686                                        1.3.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
openscap.x86_64                                      1.3.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
openscap-devel.i686                                  1.3.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
openscap-devel.x86_64                                1.3.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
openscap-engine-sce.i686                             1.3.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
openscap-engine-sce.x86_64                           1.3.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
openscap-python3.x86_64                              1.3.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
openscap-scanner.x86_64                              1.3.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
openscap-utils.x86_64                                1.3.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
openslp.i686                                         2.0.0-18.el8                                            AppStream 
openslp.x86_64                                       2.0.0-18.el8                                            AppStream 
opensm.i686                                          3.3.21-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
opensm.x86_64                                        3.3.21-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
opensm-libs.i686                                     3.3.21-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
opensm-libs.x86_64                                   3.3.21-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
openssh.i686                                         7.8p1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
openssh-askpass.x86_64                               7.8p1-4.el8                                             AppStream 
openssh-cavs.x86_64                                  7.8p1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
openssh-clients.i686                                 7.8p1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
openssh-keycat.x86_64                                7.8p1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
openssh-ldap.x86_64                                  7.8p1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
openssh-server.i686                                  7.8p1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
openssl.i686                                         1:1.1.1-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
openssl-devel.i686                                   1:1.1.1-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
openssl-devel.x86_64                                 1:1.1.1-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
openssl-ibmpkcs11.x86_64                             1.0.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
openssl-libs.i686                                    1:1.1.1-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
openssl-perl.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
openssl-pkcs11.i686                                  0.4.8-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
openwsman-client.i686                                2.6.5-5.el8                                             AppStream 
openwsman-client.x86_64                              2.6.5-5.el8                                             AppStream 
openwsman-python3.x86_64                             2.6.5-5.el8                                             AppStream 
openwsman-server.i686                                2.6.5-5.el8                                             AppStream 
openwsman-server.x86_64                              2.6.5-5.el8                                             AppStream 
opus.i686                                            1.3-0.4.beta.el8                                        AppStream 
opus.x86_64                                          1.3-0.4.beta.el8                                        AppStream 
orc.i686                                             0.4.28-2.el8                                            AppStream 
orc.x86_64                                           0.4.28-2.el8                                            AppStream 
orc-compiler.x86_64                                  0.4.28-2.el8                                            AppStream 
orc-devel.i686                                       0.4.28-2.el8                                            AppStream 
orc-devel.x86_64                                     0.4.28-2.el8                                            AppStream 
orca.noarch                                          3.28.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
os-prober.i686                                       1.74-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
osad.noarch                                          5.11.99-8.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                    AppStream 
oscap-anaconda-addon.noarch                          1.0-9.el8                                               AppStream 
osinfo-db.noarch                                     20181011-8.el8_0.1                                      AppStream 
osinfo-db-tools.x86_64                               1.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
ostree.i686                                          2018.8-2.el8                                            AppStream 
ostree.x86_64                                        2018.8-2.el8                                            AppStream 
ostree-devel.i686                                    2018.8-2.el8                                            AppStream 
ostree-devel.x86_64                                  2018.8-2.el8                                            AppStream 
ostree-grub2.x86_64                                  2018.8-2.el8                                            AppStream 
ostree-libs.i686                                     2018.8-2.el8                                            AppStream 
overpass-fonts.noarch                                3.0.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
overpass-fonts.noarch                                3.0.2-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
overpass-mono-fonts.noarch                           3.0.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
overpass-mono-fonts.noarch                           3.0.2-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
p11-kit.i686                                         0.23.14-5.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
p11-kit-devel.i686                                   0.23.14-5.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
p11-kit-devel.x86_64                                 0.23.14-5.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
p11-kit-server.x86_64                                0.23.14-5.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
p11-kit-trust.i686                                   0.23.14-5.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
pacemaker-cluster-libs.i686                          2.0.1-4.el8_0.3                                         AppStream 
pacemaker-cluster-libs.x86_64                        2.0.1-4.el8_0.3                                         AppStream 
pacemaker-libs.i686                                  2.0.1-4.el8_0.3                                         AppStream 
pacemaker-libs.x86_64                                2.0.1-4.el8_0.3                                         AppStream 
pacemaker-schemas.noarch                             2.0.1-4.el8_0.3                                         AppStream 
pakchois.i686                                        0.4-17.el8                                              AppStream 
pakchois.x86_64                                      0.4-17.el8                                              AppStream 
paktype-naqsh-fonts.noarch                           4.1-8.el8                                               AppStream 
paktype-naqsh-fonts.noarch                           4.1-8.el8                                               BaseOS    
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     4.1-9.el8                                               AppStream 
paktype-naskh-basic-fonts.noarch                     4.1-9.el8                                               BaseOS    
paktype-tehreer-fonts.noarch                         4.1-8.el8                                               AppStream 
paktype-tehreer-fonts.noarch                         4.1-8.el8                                               BaseOS    
pam.i686                                             1.3.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
pam-devel.i686                                       1.3.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
pam-devel.x86_64                                     1.3.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
pam_cifscreds.x86_64                                 6.8-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
pam_ssh_agent_auth.x86_64                            0.10.3-5.4.el8                                          BaseOS    
pango.i686                                           1.42.4-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
pango.x86_64                                         1.42.4-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
pango-devel.i686                                     1.42.4-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
pango-devel.x86_64                                   1.42.4-5.el8_0                                          AppStream 
pangomm.i686                                         2.40.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
pangomm.x86_64                                       2.40.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
papi.i686                                            5.6.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
papi.x86_64                                          5.6.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
papi-devel.i686                                      5.6.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
papi-devel.x86_64                                    5.6.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
papi-libs.i686                                       5.6.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
papi-libs.x86_64                                     5.6.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
paps.x86_64                                          0.6.8-41.el8                                            AppStream 
paps-libs.i686                                       0.6.8-41.el8                                            AppStream 
paps-libs.x86_64                                     0.6.8-41.el8                                            AppStream 
paratype-pt-sans-caption-fonts.noarch                20141121-6.el8                                          AppStream 
paratype-pt-sans-caption-fonts.noarch                20141121-6.el8                                          BaseOS    
paratype-pt-sans-fonts.noarch                        20141121-6.el8                                          AppStream 
paratype-pt-sans-fonts.noarch                        20141121-6.el8                                          BaseOS    
parted.i686                                          3.2-36.el8                                              BaseOS    
passwd.i686                                          0.80-2.el8                                              BaseOS    
patch.x86_64                                         2.7.6-9.el8_0                                           BaseOS    
patchutils.x86_64                                    0.3.4-10.el8                                            AppStream 
pavucontrol.x86_64                                   3.0-11.el8                                              AppStream 
pcaudiolib.i686                                      1.1-2.el8                                               AppStream 
pcaudiolib.x86_64                                    1.1-2.el8                                               AppStream 
pciutils.i686                                        3.5.6-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
pciutils-devel.i686                                  3.5.6-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
pciutils-devel.x86_64                                3.5.6-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
pciutils-libs.i686                                   3.5.6-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
pcp.x86_64                                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-conf.x86_64                                      4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-devel.i686                                       4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-devel.x86_64                                     4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-doc.noarch                                       4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2graphite.x86_64                       4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2influxdb.x86_64                       4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2json.x86_64                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2xml.x86_64                            4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-export-pcp2zabbix.x86_64                         4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-export-zabbix-agent.x86_64                       4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-gui.x86_64                                       4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-import-collectl2pcp.x86_64                       4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-import-ganglia2pcp.x86_64                        4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-import-iostat2pcp.x86_64                         4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-import-mrtg2pcp.x86_64                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-import-sar2pcp.x86_64                            4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-libs.i686                                        4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-libs.x86_64                                      4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-libs-devel.i686                                  4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-libs-devel.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-manager.x86_64                                   4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-activemq.x86_64                             4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-apache.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-bash.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-bcc.x86_64                                  4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-bind2.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-bonding.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-cifs.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-cisco.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-dbping.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-dm.x86_64                                   4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-docker.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-ds389.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-ds389log.x86_64                             4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-elasticsearch.x86_64                        4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-gfs2.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-gluster.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-gpfs.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-gpsd.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-haproxy.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-infiniband.x86_64                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-json.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-libvirt.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-lio.x86_64                                  4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-lmsensors.x86_64                            4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-logger.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-lustre.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-lustrecomm.x86_64                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mailq.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-memcache.x86_64                             4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mic.x86_64                                  4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mounts.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-mysql.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-named.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-netfilter.x86_64                            4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-news.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-nfsclient.x86_64                            4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-nginx.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-nvidia-gpu.x86_64                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-oracle.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-papi.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-pdns.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-perfevent.x86_64                            4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-podman.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-postfix.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-postgresql.x86_64                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-prometheus.x86_64                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-redis.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-roomtemp.x86_64                             4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-rpm.x86_64                                  4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-rsyslog.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-samba.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-sendmail.x86_64                             4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-shping.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-slurm.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-smart.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-snmp.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-summary.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-systemd.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-trace.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-unbound.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-vmware.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-weblog.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-zimbra.x86_64                               4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-pmda-zswap.x86_64                                4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-selinux.x86_64                                   4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-system-tools.x86_64                              4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-testsuite.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-webapi.x86_64                                    4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-webapp-blinkenlights.noarch                      4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-webapp-grafana.noarch                            4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-webapp-graphite.noarch                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-webapp-vector.noarch                             4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-webjs.noarch                                     4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcp-zeroconf.x86_64                                  4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
pcre.i686                                            8.42-4.el8                                              BaseOS    
pcre-cpp.i686                                        8.42-4.el8                                              BaseOS    
pcre-cpp.x86_64                                      8.42-4.el8                                              BaseOS    
pcre-devel.i686                                      8.42-4.el8                                              BaseOS    
pcre-devel.x86_64                                    8.42-4.el8                                              BaseOS    
pcre-utf16.i686                                      8.42-4.el8                                              BaseOS    
pcre-utf16.x86_64                                    8.42-4.el8                                              BaseOS    
pcre-utf32.i686                                      8.42-4.el8                                              BaseOS    
pcre-utf32.x86_64                                    8.42-4.el8                                              BaseOS    
pcre2.i686                                           10.32-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
pcre2-devel.i686                                     10.32-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
pcre2-devel.x86_64                                   10.32-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
pcre2-utf16.i686                                     10.32-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
pcre2-utf16.x86_64                                   10.32-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
pcre2-utf32.i686                                     10.32-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
pcre2-utf32.x86_64                                   10.32-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
pcsc-lite.i686                                       1.8.23-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
pcsc-lite.x86_64                                     1.8.23-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
pcsc-lite-ccid.i686                                  1.4.29-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
pcsc-lite-ccid.x86_64                                1.4.29-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
pcsc-lite-doc.noarch                                 1.8.23-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
pcsc-lite-libs.i686                                  1.8.23-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
pcsc-lite-libs.x86_64                                1.8.23-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
pentaho-libxml.noarch                                1.1.3-17.el8                                            AppStream 
pentaho-reporting-flow-engine.noarch                 1:0.9.4-15.el8                                          AppStream 
perf.x86_64                                          4.18.0-80.11.2.el8_0                                    BaseOS    
perftest.i686                                        4.2-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
perftest.x86_64                                      4.2-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
peripety.x86_64                                      0.1.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
perl.x86_64                                          4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-Algorithm-Diff.noarch                           1.1903-9.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-App-cpanminus.noarch                            1.7044-4.module_el8.0.0+64+b6f14b8d                     AppStream 
perl-Archive-Tar.noarch                              2.30-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Archive-Zip.noarch                              1.60-3.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Attribute-Handlers.noarch                       0.99-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Authen-SASL.noarch                              2.16-13.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-B-Debug.noarch                                  1.26-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-B-Lint.noarch                                   1.20-11.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Bit-Vector.x86_64                               7.4-11.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-CGI.noarch                                      4.38-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-CPAN.noarch                                     2.18-397.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-CPAN-DistnameInfo.noarch                        0.12-11.module_el8.0.0+64+b6f14b8d                      AppStream 
perl-CPAN-Meta.noarch                                2.150010-396.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-Check.noarch                          0.014-5.module_el8.0.0+64+b6f14b8d                      AppStream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-Requirements.noarch                   2.140-396.el8                                           AppStream 
perl-CPAN-Meta-YAML.noarch                           0.018-397.el8                                           AppStream 
perl-Carp-Clan.noarch                                6.06-6.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Class-ISA.noarch                                0.36-1022.el8                                           AppStream 
perl-Class-Inspector.noarch                          1.32-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Compress-Bzip2.x86_64                           2.26-6.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Compress-Raw-Bzip2.x86_64                       2.081-1.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Compress-Raw-Zlib.x86_64                        2.081-1.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Config-Perl-V.noarch                            0.30-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Bignum.x86_64                     0.09-5.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-RSA.x86_64                        0.31-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Crypt-OpenSSL-Random.x86_64                     0.15-3.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-DBD-MySQL.x86_64                                4.046-2.module_el8.0.0+72+668237d8                      AppStream 
perl-DBD-Pg.x86_64                                   3.7.4-2.module_el8.0.0+74+7e750437                      AppStream 
perl-DBD-SQLite.x86_64                               1.58-1.module_el8.0.0+76+73395213                       AppStream 
perl-DBI.x86_64                                      1.641-2.module_el8.0.0+66+fe1eca09                      AppStream 
perl-DB_File.x86_64                                  1.842-1.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Data-Dump.noarch                                1.23-7.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Data-Dumper.i686                                2.167-399.el8                                           BaseOS    
perl-Data-OptList.noarch                             0.110-6.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Data-Section.noarch                             0.200007-3.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-Date-Calc.noarch                                6.4-9.el8                                               AppStream 
perl-Date-Manip.noarch                               6.60-2.el8                                              BaseOS    
perl-Devel-PPPort.x86_64                             3.36-5.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Devel-Peek.x86_64                               1.26-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Devel-SelfStubber.noarch                        1.06-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Devel-Size.x86_64                               0.81-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Digest-HMAC.noarch                              1.03-17.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Digest-SHA.x86_64                               1:6.02-1.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Encode.i686                                     4:2.97-3.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Encode.i686                                     4:2.97-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
perl-Encode-Detect.x86_64                            1.01-28.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Encode-Locale.noarch                            1.05-9.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Encode-devel.i686                               4:2.97-3.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Encode-devel.x86_64                             4:2.97-3.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Env.noarch                                      1.04-395.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Errno.i686                                      1.28-416.el8                                            BaseOS    
perl-ExtUtils-CBuilder.noarch                        1:0.280230-2.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-ExtUtils-Command.noarch                         1:7.34-1.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-ExtUtils-Embed.noarch                           1.34-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-ExtUtils-Install.noarch                         2.14-4.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-ExtUtils-MM-Utils.noarch                        1:7.34-1.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-ExtUtils-MakeMaker.noarch                       1:7.34-1.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-ExtUtils-Manifest.noarch                        1.70-395.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-ExtUtils-Miniperl.noarch                        1.06-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-ExtUtils-ParseXS.noarch                         1:3.35-2.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-FCGI.x86_64                                     1:0.78-10.module_el8.0.0+68+a9c12ddb                    AppStream 
perl-Fedora-VSP.noarch                               0.001-9.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-File-CheckTree.noarch                           4.42-303.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-File-Fetch.noarch                               0.56-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-File-HomeDir.noarch                             1.002-4.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-File-Listing.noarch                             6.04-17.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-File-ShareDir.noarch                            1.104-3.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-File-Slurp.noarch                               9999.19-19.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-File-Which.noarch                               1.22-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-File-pushd.noarch                               1.014-5.module_el8.0.0+64+b6f14b8d                      AppStream 
perl-Filter.x86_64                                   2:1.58-2.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Filter-Simple.noarch                            0.94-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-GSSAPI.x86_64                                   0.28-23.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Git-SVN.noarch                                  2.18.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-HTML-Parser.x86_64                              3.72-14.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-HTML-Tagset.noarch                              3.20-33.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-HTTP-Cookies.noarch                             6.04-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-HTTP-Date.noarch                                6.02-18.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-HTTP-Message.noarch                             6.18-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-HTTP-Negotiate.noarch                           6.01-19.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-IO.i686                                         1.38-416.el8                                            BaseOS    
perl-IO-Compress.noarch                              2.081-1.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-IO-HTML.noarch                                  1.001-10.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-IO-Multiplex.noarch                             1.16-9.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-IO-Socket-INET6.noarch                          2.72-12.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-IO-Zlib.noarch                                  1:1.10-416.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-IPC-Cmd.noarch                                  2:1.02-1.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-IPC-SysV.x86_64                                 2.07-397.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-IPC-System-Simple.noarch                        1.25-17.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-JSON.noarch                                     2.97.001-2.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-JSON-PP.noarch                                  1:2.97.001-3.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-LWP-MediaTypes.noarch                           6.02-14.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-LWP-Protocol-https.noarch                       6.07-4.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Locale-Codes.noarch                             3.57-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Locale-Maketext.noarch                          1.28-396.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Locale-Maketext-Simple.noarch                   1:0.21-416.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-MIME-Base64.i686                                3.15-396.el8                                            BaseOS    
perl-MRO-Compat.noarch                               0.13-4.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Mail-DKIM.noarch                                0.54-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Mail-SPF.noarch                                 2.9.0-15.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-MailTools.noarch                                2.20-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Math-BigInt.noarch                              1:1.9998.11-5.el8                                       BaseOS    
perl-Math-BigInt-FastCalc.x86_64                     0.500.600-6.el8                                         AppStream 
perl-Math-BigRat.noarch                              0.2614-1.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Math-Complex.noarch                             1.59-416.el8                                            BaseOS    
perl-Memoize.noarch                                  1.03-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Module-Build.noarch                             2:0.42.24-5.el8                                         AppStream 
perl-Module-CPANfile.noarch                          1.1002-6.module_el8.0.0+64+b6f14b8d                     AppStream 
perl-Module-CoreList.noarch                          1:5.20181130-1.el8                                      AppStream 
perl-Module-CoreList-tools.noarch                    1:5.20181130-1.el8                                      AppStream 
perl-Module-Load.noarch                              1:0.32-395.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-Module-Load-Conditional.noarch                  0.68-395.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Module-Loaded.noarch                            1:0.08-416.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-Module-Metadata.noarch                          1.000033-395.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-Module-Pluggable.noarch                         2:5.2-7.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Module-Runtime.noarch                           0.016-2.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Mozilla-LDAP.x86_64                             1.5.3-25.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-NTLM.noarch                                     1.09-17.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Net-DNS.noarch                                  1.15-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Net-HTTP.noarch                                 6.17-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Net-Ping.noarch                                 2.55-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Net-SMTP-SSL.noarch                             1.04-5.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Net-Server.noarch                               2.009-3.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-NetAddr-IP.x86_64                               4.079-7.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-PCP-LogImport.x86_64                            4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-PCP-LogSummary.x86_64                           4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-PCP-MMV.x86_64                                  4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-PCP-PMDA.x86_64                                 4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Package-Generator.noarch                        1.106-11.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Params-Check.noarch                             1:0.38-395.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-Params-Util.x86_64                              1.07-22.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Parse-PMFile.noarch                             0.41-6.module_el8.0.0+64+b6f14b8d                       AppStream 
perl-Parse-Yapp.noarch                               1.21-2.el8                                              BaseOS    
perl-PathTools.i686                                  3.74-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
perl-Perl-OSType.noarch                              1.010-396.el8                                           AppStream 
perl-PerlIO-via-QuotedPrint.noarch                   0.08-395.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Pod-Checker.noarch                              4:1.73-395.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-Pod-Html.noarch                                 1.22.02-416.el8                                         AppStream 
perl-Pod-LaTeX.noarch                                0.61-302.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Pod-Parser.noarch                               1.63-396.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Pod-Plainer.noarch                              1.04-7.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-SNMP_Session.noarch                             1.13-17.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-Scalar-List-Utils.i686                          3:1.49-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
perl-SelfLoader.noarch                               1.23-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Socket.i686                                     4:2.027-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
perl-Socket6.x86_64                                  0.28-6.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Software-License.noarch                         0.103013-2.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-Storable.i686                                   1:3.11-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
perl-String-CRC32.x86_64                             1.6-4.el8                                               AppStream 
perl-String-ShellQuote.noarch                        1.04-23.module_el8.0.0+64+b6f14b8d                      AppStream 
perl-Sub-Exporter.noarch                             0.987-15.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Sub-Install.noarch                              0.928-14.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Sys-CPU.i686                                    0.61-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
perl-Sys-CPU.x86_64                                  0.61-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
perl-Sys-Guestfs.x86_64                              1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
perl-Sys-MemInfo.i686                                0.99-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
perl-Sys-MemInfo.x86_64                              0.99-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
perl-Sys-Syslog.x86_64                               0.35-397.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Sys-Virt.x86_64                                 4.5.0-5.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
perl-Test.noarch                                     1.30-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Test-Harness.noarch                             1:3.42-1.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Test-Simple.noarch                              1:1.302135-1.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-Text-Balanced.noarch                            2.03-395.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Text-Diff.noarch                                1.45-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Text-Glob.noarch                                0.11-4.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Text-Soundex.x86_64                             3.05-8.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Text-Template.noarch                            1.51-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Text-Unidecode.noarch                           1.30-5.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Thread-Queue.noarch                             3.13-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Time-HiRes.x86_64                               1.9758-1.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-Time-Piece.x86_64                               1.31-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-TimeDate.noarch                                 1:2.30-13.el8                                           AppStream 
perl-Try-Tiny.noarch                                 0.30-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Unicode-Collate.x86_64                          1.25-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-Unicode-Normalize.i686                          1.25-396.el8                                            BaseOS    
perl-Unix-Syslog.x86_64                              1.1-29.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-WWW-RobotRules.noarch                           6.02-18.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-XML-Catalog.noarch                              1.03-11.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-XML-LibXML.x86_64                               1:2.0132-2.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-XML-NamespaceSupport.noarch                     1.12-4.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-XML-Parser.x86_64                               2.44-11.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-XML-SAX.noarch                                  1.00-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-XML-SAX-Base.noarch                             1.09-4.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-XML-Simple.noarch                               2.25-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-XML-TokeParser.noarch                           0.05-25.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-XML-XPath.noarch                                1.42-3.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-YAML.noarch                                     1.24-2.module_el8.0.0+87+63c85d33                       AppStream 
perl-autodie.noarch                                  2.29-396.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-bignum.noarch                                   0.49-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-devel.i686                                      4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-devel.x86_64                                    4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-encoding.x86_64                                 4:2.22-3.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-experimental.noarch                             0.019-2.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-generators.noarch                               1.10-7.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-hivex.x86_64                                    1.3.15-7.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
perl-inc-latest.noarch                               2:0.500-9.el8                                           AppStream 
perl-interpreter.i686                                4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        BaseOS    
perl-libintl-perl.x86_64                             1.29-2.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-libnetcfg.noarch                                4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-libs.i686                                       4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        BaseOS    
perl-libwww-perl.noarch                              6.34-1.el8                                              AppStream 
perl-libxml-perl.noarch                              0.08-33.el8                                             AppStream 
perl-local-lib.noarch                                2.000024-2.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-macros.i686                                     4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        BaseOS    
perl-open.noarch                                     1.11-416.el8                                            AppStream 
perl-perlfaq.noarch                                  5.20180605-1.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-srpm-macros.noarch                              1-25.el8                                                AppStream 
perl-tests.x86_64                                    4:5.26.3-416.el8                                        AppStream 
perl-threads.i686                                    1:2.21-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
perl-threads-shared.i686                             1.58-2.el8                                              BaseOS    
perl-utils.noarch                                    5.26.3-416.el8                                          AppStream 
perl-version.x86_64                                  6:0.99.24-1.el8                                         AppStream 
pesign.x86_64                                        0.112-25.el8                                            AppStream 
php.x86_64                                           7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-bcmath.x86_64                                    7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-cli.x86_64                                       7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-common.x86_64                                    7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-dba.x86_64                                       7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-dbg.x86_64                                       7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-devel.x86_64                                     7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-embedded.x86_64                                  7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-enchant.x86_64                                   7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-fpm.x86_64                                       7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-gd.x86_64                                        7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-gmp.x86_64                                       7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-intl.x86_64                                      7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-json.x86_64                                      7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-ldap.x86_64                                      7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-mbstring.x86_64                                  7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-mysqlnd.x86_64                                   7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-odbc.x86_64                                      7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-opcache.x86_64                                   7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-pdo.x86_64                                       7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-pear.noarch                                      1:1.10.5-8.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                   AppStream 
php-pecl-apcu.x86_64                                 5.1.12-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-pecl-apcu-devel.x86_64                           5.1.12-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-pecl-zip.x86_64                                  1.15.3-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-pgsql.x86_64                                     7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-process.x86_64                                   7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-recode.x86_64                                    7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-snmp.x86_64                                      7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-soap.x86_64                                      7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-xml.x86_64                                       7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
php-xmlrpc.x86_64                                    7.2.11-1.module_el8.0.0+56+d1ca79aa                     AppStream 
pidgin.x86_64                                        2.13.0-4.el8                                            AppStream 
pidgin-sipe.x86_64                                   1.23.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
pinentry-emacs.x86_64                                1.1.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
pinentry-gnome3.x86_64                               1.1.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
pinentry-gtk.x86_64                                  1.1.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
pipewire.i686                                        0.2.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pipewire.x86_64                                      0.2.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pipewire-devel.i686                                  0.2.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pipewire-devel.x86_64                                0.2.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pipewire-doc.x86_64                                  0.2.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pipewire-libs.i686                                   0.2.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pipewire-libs.x86_64                                 0.2.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pipewire-utils.x86_64                                0.2.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pixman.i686                                          0.36.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
pixman-devel.i686                                    0.36.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
pixman-devel.x86_64                                  0.36.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
pkgconf.i686                                         1.4.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
pkgconf-pkg-config.i686                              1.4.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
platform-python.i686                                 3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
platform-python-coverage.x86_64                      4.5.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
platform-python-debug.i686                           3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
platform-python-debug.x86_64                         3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
platform-python-devel.i686                           3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
platform-python-devel.x86_64                         3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
plexus-cipher.noarch                                 1.7-14.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
plexus-classworlds.noarch                            2.5.2-9.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
plexus-containers-component-annotations.noarch       1.7.1-8.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
plexus-interpolation.noarch                          1.22-9.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
plexus-sec-dispatcher.noarch                         1.4-26.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                       AppStream 
plexus-utils.noarch                                  3.1.0-3.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                      AppStream 
plymouth-core-libs.i686                              0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-graphics-libs.i686                          0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-graphics-libs.x86_64                        0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-fade-throbber.x86_64                 0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-label.x86_64                         0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-script.x86_64                        0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-space-flares.x86_64                  0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-throbgress.x86_64                    0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-plugin-two-step.x86_64                      0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-system-theme.x86_64                         0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-theme-charge.x86_64                         0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-theme-fade-in.x86_64                        0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-theme-script.x86_64                         0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-theme-solar.x86_64                          0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-theme-spinfinity.x86_64                     0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
plymouth-theme-spinner.x86_64                        0.9.3-12.el8                                            AppStream 
pmempool.x86_64                                      1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
pmix.i686                                            2.1.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pmix.x86_64                                          2.1.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
pmreorder.x86_64                                     1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
pnm2ppa.x86_64                                       1:1.04-40.el8                                           AppStream 
podman-docker.noarch                                 1.0.5-1.gitf604175.module_el8.0.0+194+ac560166          AppStream 
policycoreutils.i686                                 2.8-16.1.el8                                            BaseOS    
policycoreutils-dbus.noarch                          2.8-16.1.el8                                            BaseOS    
policycoreutils-devel.i686                           2.8-16.1.el8                                            BaseOS    
policycoreutils-devel.x86_64                         2.8-16.1.el8                                            BaseOS    
policycoreutils-gui.noarch                           2.8-16.1.el8                                            AppStream 
policycoreutils-newrole.i686                         2.8-16.1.el8                                            BaseOS    
policycoreutils-newrole.x86_64                       2.8-16.1.el8                                            BaseOS    
policycoreutils-restorecond.x86_64                   2.8-16.1.el8                                            BaseOS    
policycoreutils-sandbox.x86_64                       2.8-16.1.el8                                            AppStream 
polkit.i686                                          0.115-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
polkit-devel.i686                                    0.115-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
polkit-devel.x86_64                                  0.115-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
polkit-docs.noarch                                   0.115-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
polkit-libs.i686                                     0.115-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
polkit-pkla-compat.i686                              0.1-12.el8                                              BaseOS    
poppler.i686                                         0.66.0-11.el8_0.12                                      AppStream 
poppler.x86_64                                       0.66.0-11.el8_0.12                                      AppStream 
poppler-data.noarch                                  0.4.9-1.el8                                             AppStream 
poppler-glib.i686                                    0.66.0-11.el8_0.12                                      AppStream 
poppler-glib.x86_64                                  0.66.0-11.el8_0.12                                      AppStream 
poppler-utils.x86_64                                 0.66.0-11.el8_0.12                                      AppStream 
popt.i686                                            1.16-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
popt-devel.i686                                      1.16-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
popt-devel.x86_64                                    1.16-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
portreserve.x86_64                                   0.0.5-19.el8                                            BaseOS    
postfix.i686                                         2:3.3.1-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
postfix.x86_64                                       2:3.3.1-8.el8                                           BaseOS    
postfix-mysql.x86_64                                 2:3.3.1-8.el8                                           AppStream 
postfix-perl-scripts.x86_64                          2:3.3.1-8.el8                                           AppStream 
postfix-pgsql.x86_64                                 2:3.3.1-8.el8                                           AppStream 
postgresql.x86_64                                    10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-contrib.x86_64                            10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-docs.x86_64                               10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-jdbc.noarch                               42.2.3-1.el8                                            AppStream 
postgresql-jdbc-javadoc.noarch                       42.2.3-1.el8                                            AppStream 
postgresql-odbc.x86_64                               10.03.0000-2.el8                                        AppStream 
postgresql-odbc-tests.x86_64                         10.03.0000-2.el8                                        AppStream 
postgresql-plperl.x86_64                             10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-plpython3.x86_64                          10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-pltcl.x86_64                              10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-server.x86_64                             10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-server-devel.x86_64                       10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-static.x86_64                             10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-test.x86_64                               10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-test-rpm-macros.x86_64                    10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-upgrade.x86_64                            10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
postgresql-upgrade-devel.x86_64                      10.6-1.module_el8.0.0+15+f57f353b                       AppStream 
potrace.i686                                         1.15-2.el8                                              AppStream 
potrace.x86_64                                       1.15-2.el8                                              AppStream 
powertop.x86_64                                      2.9-8.el8                                               AppStream 
ppp.i686                                             2.4.7-25.el8                                            BaseOS    
ppp.x86_64                                           2.4.7-25.el8                                            BaseOS    
pptp.x86_64                                          1.10.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
prefixdevname.i686                                   0.1.0-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
procmail.i686                                        3.22-47.el8                                             BaseOS    
procmail.x86_64                                      3.22-47.el8                                             AppStream 
procmail.x86_64                                      3.22-47.el8                                             BaseOS    
procps-ng.i686                                       3.3.15-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
procps-ng-i18n.noarch                                3.3.15-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
protobuf.i686                                        3.5.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
protobuf.x86_64                                      3.5.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
protobuf-c.i686                                      1.3.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
protobuf-lite.i686                                   3.5.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
protobuf-lite.x86_64                                 3.5.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
ps_mem.noarch                                        3.6-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
psacct.i686                                          6.6.3-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
psmisc.i686                                          23.1-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
psmisc.x86_64                                        23.1-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
publicsuffix-list.noarch                             20180723-1.el8                                          BaseOS    
pulseaudio.x86_64                                    11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
pulseaudio-libs.i686                                 11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
pulseaudio-libs.x86_64                               11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
pulseaudio-libs-devel.i686                           11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
pulseaudio-libs-devel.x86_64                         11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.i686                           11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
pulseaudio-libs-glib2.x86_64                         11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
pulseaudio-module-bluetooth.x86_64                   11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
pulseaudio-module-x11.x86_64                         11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
pulseaudio-utils.x86_64                              11.1-22.el8                                             AppStream 
purple-sipe.x86_64                                   1.23.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
pygobject2.x86_64                                    2.28.7-4.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                     AppStream 
pygobject2-codegen.x86_64                            2.28.7-4.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                     AppStream 
pygobject2-devel.x86_64                              2.28.7-4.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                     AppStream 
pygobject2-doc.x86_64                                2.28.7-4.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                     AppStream 
pygtk2.x86_64                                        2.24.0-24.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                    AppStream 
pygtk2-codegen.x86_64                                2.24.0-24.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                    AppStream 
pygtk2-devel.x86_64                                  2.24.0-24.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                    AppStream 
pygtk2-doc.noarch                                    2.24.0-24.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                    AppStream 
pykickstart.noarch                                   3.16.4-1.el8_0                                          AppStream 
python-nose-docs.noarch                              1.3.7-30.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                     AppStream 
python-psycopg2-doc.x86_64                           2.7.5-7.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python-pymongo-doc.noarch                            3.6.1-9.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python-qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                         5.11.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
python-rpm-macros.noarch                             3-37.el8                                                AppStream 
python-sqlalchemy-doc.noarch                         1.3.2-1.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python-srpm-macros.noarch                            3-37.el8                                                AppStream 
python-virtualenv-doc.noarch                         15.1.0-18.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                    AppStream 
python2.x86_64                                       2.7.15-24.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                   AppStream 
python2-Cython.x86_64                                0.28.1-7.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-PyMySQL.noarch                               0.8.0-10.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-attrs.noarch                                 17.4.0-10.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                    AppStream 
python2-babel.noarch                                 2.5.1-9.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-backports.x86_64                             1.0-15.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                       AppStream 
python2-backports-ssl_match_hostname.noarch          3.5.0.1-11.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                   AppStream 
python2-bson.x86_64                                  3.6.1-9.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                     AppStream 
python2-cairo.x86_64                                 1.16.3-6.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                     AppStream 
python2-cairo-devel.x86_64                           1.16.3-6.module_el8.0.0+36+bb6a76a2                     AppStream 
python2-chardet.noarch                               3.0.4-10.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-coverage.x86_64                              4.5.1-4.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-debug.x86_64                                 2.7.15-24.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                   AppStream 
python2-devel.x86_64                                 2.7.15-24.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                   AppStream 
python2-dns.noarch                                   1.15.0-9.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-docs.noarch                                  2.7.15-4.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-docs-info.noarch                             2.7.15-4.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-docutils.noarch                              0.14-12.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-funcsigs.noarch                              1.0.2-13.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-idna.noarch                                  2.5-7.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                        AppStream 
python2-ipaddress.noarch                             1.0.18-6.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-jinja2.noarch                                2.10-8.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                       AppStream 
python2-libs.x86_64                                  2.7.15-24.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                   AppStream 
python2-lxml.x86_64                                  4.2.3-3.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-markupsafe.x86_64                            0.23-19.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-mock.noarch                                  2.0.0-13.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-nose.noarch                                  1.3.7-30.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.14.2-10.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                  AppStream 
python2-numpy-doc.noarch                             1:1.14.2-10.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                  AppStream 
python2-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.14.2-10.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                  AppStream 
python2-pip.noarch                                   9.0.3-13.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-pluggy.noarch                                0.6.0-8.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-psycopg2.x86_64                              2.7.5-7.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-psycopg2-debug.x86_64                        2.7.5-7.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-psycopg2-tests.x86_64                        2.7.5-7.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-py.noarch                                    1.5.3-6.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-pygments.noarch                              2.2.0-20.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-pymongo.x86_64                               3.6.1-9.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                     AppStream 
python2-pymongo-gridfs.x86_64                        3.6.1-9.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                     AppStream 
python2-pysocks.noarch                               1.6.8-6.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-pytest.noarch                                3.4.2-13.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-pytest-mock.noarch                           1.9.0-4.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-pytz.noarch                                  2017.2-12.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                    AppStream 
python2-pyyaml.x86_64                                3.12-16.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-requests.noarch                              2.20.0-2.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-rpm-macros.noarch                            3-38.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                         AppStream 
python2-scipy.x86_64                                 1.0.0-19.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-scour.noarch                                 0.35-9.module_el8.0.0+37+7dd3b42a                       AppStream 
python2-setuptools.noarch                            39.0.1-11.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                    AppStream 
python2-setuptools_scm.noarch                        1.15.7-6.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-six.noarch                                   1.11.0-5.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                     AppStream 
python2-sqlalchemy.x86_64                            1.3.2-1.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                      AppStream 
python2-test.x86_64                                  2.7.15-24.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                   AppStream 
python2-tkinter.x86_64                               2.7.15-24.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                   AppStream 
python2-tools.x86_64                                 2.7.15-24.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                   AppStream 
python2-urllib3.noarch                               1.23-7.1.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                    AppStream 
python2-virtualenv.noarch                            15.1.0-18.module_el8.0.0+32+017b2cba                    AppStream 
python2-wheel.noarch                                 1:0.30.0-15.module_el8.0.0+193+7850e68f                 AppStream 
python3-PyMySQL.noarch                               0.8.0-10.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                     AppStream 
python3-abrt.x86_64                                  2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
python3-abrt-addon.x86_64                            2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
python3-abrt-container-addon.x86_64                  2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
python3-abrt-doc.noarch                              2.10.9-10.el8                                           AppStream 
python3-argcomplete.noarch                           1.9.3-6.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-argh.noarch                                  0.26.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-attrs.noarch                                 17.4.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-audit.i686                                   3.0-0.10.20180831git0047a6c.el8                         BaseOS    
python3-augeas.noarch                                0.5.0-11.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-avahi.x86_64                                 0.7-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
python3-babel.noarch                                 2.5.1-3.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-bcc.x86_64                                   0.7.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-blivet.noarch                                1:3.1.0-12.el8_0                                        AppStream 
python3-blockdev.x86_64                              2.19-7.el8                                              AppStream 
python3-boom.noarch                                  0.9-7.el8                                               BaseOS    
python3-brlapi.x86_64                                0.6.7-28.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-bson.x86_64                                  3.6.1-9.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python3-bytesize.x86_64                              1.4-1.el8                                               AppStream 
python3-cairo.i686                                   1.16.3-6.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-cffi.i686                                    1.11.5-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-chardet.noarch                               3.0.4-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-click.noarch                                 6.7-8.el8                                               AppStream 
python3-configshell.noarch                           1:1.1.fb25-1.el8                                        BaseOS    
python3-cpio.noarch                                  0.1-29.el8                                              AppStream 
python3-createrepo_c.x86_64                          0.11.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-cryptography.i686                            2.3-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
python3-cups.x86_64                                  1.9.72-21.el8.0.1                                       AppStream 
python3-dbus.i686                                    1.2.4-14.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-dbus-client-gen.noarch                       0.4-1.el8                                               AppStream 
python3-dbus-python-client-gen.noarch                0.6-2.el8                                               AppStream 
python3-dbus-signature-pyparsing.noarch              0.03-2.el8                                              AppStream 
python3-dnf-plugin-versionlock.noarch                4.0.2.2-3.el8                                           BaseOS    
python3-dns.noarch                                   1.15.0-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-docs.noarch                                  3.6.7-2.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python3-docutils.noarch                              0.14-12.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python3-enchant.noarch                               2.0.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-ethtool.i686                                 0.14-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
python3-ethtool.x86_64                               0.14-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
python3-evdev.x86_64                                 1.1.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-flask.noarch                                 1:0.12.2-3.el8                                          AppStream 
python3-gevent.x86_64                                1.2.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-gobject.i686                                 3.28.3-1.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-gobject-base.i686                            3.28.3-1.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-gobject-base.i686                            3.28.3-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-gpg.i686                                     1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                                        BaseOS    
python3-greenlet.x86_64                              0.4.13-3.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-gssapi.x86_64                                1.5.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-hawkey.i686                                  0.22.5-5.el8_0                                          BaseOS    
python3-hivex.x86_64                                 1.3.15-7.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
python3-html5lib.noarch                              1:0.999999999-6.el8                                     AppStream 
python3-humanize.noarch                              0.5.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-idle.i686                                    3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
python3-idle.x86_64                                  3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
python3-inotify.noarch                               0.9.6-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-into-dbus-python.noarch                      0.06-2.el8                                              AppStream 
python3-ipaclient.noarch                             4.7.1-11.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                     AppStream 
python3-ipalib.noarch                                4.7.1-11.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                     AppStream 
python3-iscsi-initiator-utils.x86_64                 6.2.0.876-7.gitf3c8e90.el8                              BaseOS    
python3-itsdangerous.noarch                          0.24-14.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-jabberpy.noarch                              0.5-0.38.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-jinja2.noarch                                2.10.1-2.el8_0                                          AppStream 
python3-jmespath.noarch                              0.9.0-11.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-jsonpatch.noarch                             1.21-2.el8                                              AppStream 
python3-jsonpointer.noarch                           1.10-11.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-jsonschema.noarch                            2.6.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-justbases.noarch                             0.9-6.el8                                               AppStream 
python3-justbytes.noarch                             0.11-2.el8                                              AppStream 
python3-jwcrypto.noarch                              0.5.0-1.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                      AppStream 
python3-jwt.noarch                                   1.6.1-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-keycloak-httpd-client-install.noarch         0.8-7.el8                                               AppStream 
python3-kickstart.noarch                             3.16.4-1.el8_0                                          AppStream 
python3-kmod.i686                                    0.9-20.el8                                              BaseOS    
python3-kmod.x86_64                                  0.9-20.el8                                              BaseOS    
python3-koan.noarch                                  2.0.7.1-6.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                    AppStream 
python3-langtable.noarch                             0.0.38-5.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-ldap.x86_64                                  3.1.0-4.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-ldb.i686                                     1.4.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-ldb.x86_64                                   1.4.2-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-libcomps.i686                                0.1.8-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-libdnf.i686                                  0.22.5-5.el8_0                                          BaseOS    
python3-libguestfs.x86_64                            1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
python3-libipa_hbac.x86_64                           2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
python3-libnl3.x86_64                                3.4.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-libproxy.noarch                              0.4.15-5.2.el8                                          BaseOS    
python3-librepo.i686                                 1.9.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-libreport.x86_64                             2.9.5-6.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-libs.i686                                    3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           BaseOS    
python3-libselinux.i686                              2.8-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
python3-libsemanage.i686                             2.8-5.el8                                               BaseOS    
python3-libsss_nss_idmap.x86_64                      2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
python3-libstoragemgmt-clibs.i686                    1.6.2-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-libuser.x86_64                               0.62-21.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-libvirt.x86_64                               4.5.0-2.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                     AppStream 
python3-libvoikko.noarch                             4.1.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-libxml2.i686                                 2.9.7-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-lit.noarch                                   0.7.1-1.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
python3-lldb.i686                                    7.0.1-2.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
python3-lldb.x86_64                                  7.0.1-2.module_el8.0.0+12+30b38a9a                      AppStream 
python3-louis.noarch                                 2.6.2-16.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-lxml.x86_64                                  4.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-magic.noarch                                 5.33-8.el8                                              BaseOS    
python3-mako.noarch                                  1.0.6-13.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-markupsafe.x86_64                            0.23-19.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-meh.noarch                                   0.47.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-meh-gui.noarch                               0.47.2-1.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-mod_wsgi.x86_64                              4.6.4-3.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-netaddr.noarch                               0.7.19-8.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-nose.noarch                                  1.3.7-30.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                     AppStream 
python3-ntplib.noarch                                0.3.3-10.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-numpy.x86_64                                 1:1.14.3-6.el8                                          AppStream 
python3-numpy-f2py.x86_64                            1:1.14.3-6.el8                                          AppStream 
python3-oauthlib.noarch                              2.1.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-openipmi.x86_64                              2.0.25-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-ordered-set.noarch                           2.0.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-osa-common.noarch                            5.11.99-8.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                    AppStream 
python3-osad.noarch                                  5.11.99-8.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                    AppStream 
python3-pcp.x86_64                                   4.3.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pexpect.noarch                               4.3.1-3.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pid.noarch                                   2.1.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pillow.x86_64                                5.1.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pip.noarch                                   9.0.3-13.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-pluggy.noarch                                0.6.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-prettytable.noarch                           0.7.2-14.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-productmd.noarch                             1.11-3.el8                                              AppStream 
python3-psycopg2.x86_64                              2.7.5-7.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-ptyprocess.noarch                            0.5.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pwquality.i686                               1.4.0-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-pwquality.x86_64                             1.4.0-9.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-py.noarch                                    1.5.3-4.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pyasn1.noarch                                0.3.7-6.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pyasn1-modules.noarch                        0.3.7-6.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pyatspi.noarch                               2.26.0-6.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-pycurl.x86_64                                7.43.0.2-3.el8                                          AppStream 
python3-pydbus.noarch                                0.6.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pygments.noarch                              2.2.0-20.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                     AppStream 
python3-pymongo.x86_64                               3.6.1-9.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python3-pymongo-gridfs.x86_64                        3.6.1-9.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python3-pyparsing.noarch                             2.1.10-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-pyparted.x86_64                              1:3.11.0-13.el8                                         AppStream 
python3-pyqt5-sip.x86_64                             4.19.12-3.el8                                           AppStream 
python3-pyserial.noarch                              3.1.1-8.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pysocks.noarch                               1.6.8-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-pytest.noarch                                3.4.2-11.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-pytoml.noarch                                0.1.14-5.git7dea353.el8                                 AppStream 
python3-pytz.noarch                                  2017.2-9.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-pyusb.noarch                                 1.0.0-9.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                      AppStream 
python3-pywbem.noarch                                0.11.0-7.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-pyxdg.noarch                                 0.25-16.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-pyyaml.i686                                  3.12-12.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-qrcode.noarch                                5.1-11.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                       AppStream 
python3-qrcode-core.noarch                           5.1-11.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                       AppStream 
python3-qt5.i686                                     5.11.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-qt5.x86_64                                   5.11.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-qt5-base.i686                                5.11.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-qt5-base.x86_64                              5.11.2-3.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-reportlab.x86_64                             3.4.0-6.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-requests.noarch                              2.20.0-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-requests-file.noarch                         1.4.3-5.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-requests-ftp.noarch                          0.3.1-11.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-requests-oauthlib.noarch                     1.0.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-rhn-check.x86_64                             2.8.16-13.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                   AppStream 
python3-rhn-setup.x86_64                             2.8.16-13.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                   AppStream 
python3-rhn-setup-gnome.x86_64                       2.8.16-13.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                   AppStream 
python3-rhn-virtualization-common.noarch             5.4.70-4.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                     AppStream 
python3-rhn-virtualization-host.noarch               5.4.70-4.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                     AppStream 
python3-rhncfg.noarch                                5.10.120-10.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                  AppStream 
python3-rhncfg-actions.noarch                        5.10.120-10.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                  AppStream 
python3-rhncfg-client.noarch                         5.10.120-10.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                  AppStream 
python3-rhncfg-management.noarch                     5.10.120-10.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                  AppStream 
python3-rhnpush.noarch                               5.5.110-6.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                    AppStream 
python3-rpm.i686                                     4.14.2-9.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-rpm-generators.noarch                        5-4.el8                                                 AppStream 
python3-rpm-macros.noarch                            3-37.el8                                                AppStream 
python3-rtslib.noarch                                2.1.fb69-3.el8                                          BaseOS    
python3-samba.i686                                   4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-samba.x86_64                                 4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-samba-test.x86_64                            4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-schedutils.i686                              0.6-5.el8                                               BaseOS    
python3-scipy.x86_64                                 1.0.0-19.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                     AppStream 
python3-semantic_version.noarch                      2.6.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-setools.i686                                 4.2.0-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-setuptools.noarch                            39.2.0-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-simpleline.noarch                            1.1-2.el8                                               AppStream 
python3-sip.x86_64                                   4.19.12-3.el8                                           AppStream 
python3-spacewalk-abrt.noarch                        2.8.3-5.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
python3-spacewalk-backend-libs.noarch                2.8.48-4.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                     AppStream 
python3-spacewalk-koan.noarch                        2.8.6-6.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
python3-spacewalk-oscap.noarch                       2.8.5-4.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
python3-spacewalk-usix.noarch                        2.8.1-5.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
python3-speechd.x86_64                               0.8.8-6.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-sqlalchemy.x86_64                            1.3.2-1.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python3-sss.i686                                     2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
python3-sss.x86_64                                   2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
python3-sss-murmur.x86_64                            2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm.i686               1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
python3-subscription-manager-rhsm.x86_64             1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
python3-suds.noarch                                  0.7-0.8.94664ddd46a6.el8                                AppStream 
python3-sushy.noarch                                 1.3.1-3.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-syspurpose.i686                              1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
python3-talloc.i686                                  2.1.14-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-talloc.x86_64                                2.1.14-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-tbb.x86_64                                   2018.2-9.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-tdb.i686                                     1.3.16-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-tdb.x86_64                                   1.3.16-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-test.i686                                    3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
python3-test.x86_64                                  3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           BaseOS    
python3-tevent.i686                                  0.9.37-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-tevent.x86_64                                0.9.37-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-tkinter.i686                                 3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
python3-tkinter.x86_64                               3.6.8-4.el8_0                                           AppStream 
python3-urllib3.noarch                               1.23-5.el8                                              BaseOS    
python3-urwid.i686                                   1.3.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-urwid.x86_64                                 1.3.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
python3-varlink.noarch                               29.0.0-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
python3-virtualenv.noarch                            15.1.0-18.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                    AppStream 
python3-webencodings.noarch                          0.5.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
python3-werkzeug.noarch                              0.12.2-4.el8                                            AppStream 
python3-wheel.noarch                                 1:0.30.0-13.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                  AppStream 
python3-yubico.noarch                                1.3.2-9.module_el8.0.0+78+0e94b82a                      AppStream 
python36.x86_64                                      3.6.8-2.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python36-debug.x86_64                                3.6.8-2.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python36-devel.x86_64                                3.6.8-2.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
python36-rpm-macros.noarch                           3.6.8-2.module_el8.0.0+33+0a10c0e1                      AppStream 
qemu-guest-agent.x86_64                              15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qemu-img.x86_64                                      15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qemu-kvm.x86_64                                      15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-curl.x86_64                           15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-gluster.x86_64                        15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-iscsi.x86_64                          15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-rbd.x86_64                            15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qemu-kvm-block-ssh.x86_64                            15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qemu-kvm-common.x86_64                               15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qemu-kvm-core.x86_64                                 15:2.12.0-65.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb.5              AppStream 
qgnomeplatform.i686                                  0.4-2.el8                                               AppStream 
qgnomeplatform.x86_64                                0.4-2.el8                                               AppStream 
qgpgme.i686                                          1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                                        AppStream 
qgpgme.x86_64                                        1.10.0-6.el8.0.1                                        AppStream 
qpdf.x86_64                                          7.1.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
qpdf-doc.noarch                                      7.1.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
qpdf-libs.i686                                       7.1.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
qpdf-libs.x86_64                                     7.1.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
qperf.x86_64                                         0.4.11-1.el8                                            AppStream 
qrencode.x86_64                                      3.4.4-5.el8                                             AppStream 
qrencode-libs.i686                                   3.4.4-5.el8                                             AppStream 
qrencode-libs.x86_64                                 3.4.4-5.el8                                             AppStream 
qt5-assistant.x86_64                                 5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-designer.x86_64                                  5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-doctools.x86_64                                  5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-linguist.x86_64                                  5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qdbusviewer.x86_64                               5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qt3d.i686                                        5.11.1-4.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qt3d.x86_64                                      5.11.1-4.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qt3d-devel.i686                                  5.11.1-4.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qt3d-devel.x86_64                                5.11.1-4.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qt3d-examples.x86_64                             5.11.1-4.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase.i686                                      5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase.x86_64                                    5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-common.noarch                             5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-devel.i686                                5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-devel.x86_64                              5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-examples.i686                             5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-examples.x86_64                           5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-gui.i686                                  5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-gui.x86_64                                5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-mysql.i686                                5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-mysql.x86_64                              5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-odbc.i686                                 5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-odbc.x86_64                               5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.i686                           5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtbase-postgresql.x86_64                         5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtcanvas3d.i686                                  5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtcanvas3d.x86_64                                5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtcanvas3d-examples.x86_64                       5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtconnectivity.i686                              5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtconnectivity.x86_64                            5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-devel.i686                        5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-devel.x86_64                      5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtconnectivity-examples.x86_64                   5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtdeclarative.i686                               5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtdeclarative.x86_64                             5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.i686                         5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-devel.x86_64                       5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtdeclarative-examples.x86_64                    5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtdoc.noarch                                     5.10.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.i686                          5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtgraphicaleffects.x86_64                        5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtimageformats.i686                              5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtimageformats.x86_64                            5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtlocation.i686                                  5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtlocation.x86_64                                5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtlocation-devel.i686                            5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtlocation-devel.x86_64                          5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtlocation-examples.x86_64                       5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtmultimedia.i686                                5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtmultimedia.x86_64                              5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-devel.i686                          5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-devel.x86_64                        5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtmultimedia-examples.x86_64                     5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols.i686                             5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols.x86_64                           5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols-examples.x86_64                  5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.i686                            5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2.x86_64                          5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtquickcontrols2-examples.x86_64                 5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtscript.i686                                    5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtscript.x86_64                                  5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtscript-devel.i686                              5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtscript-devel.x86_64                            5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtscript-examples.x86_64                         5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsensors.i686                                   5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsensors.x86_64                                 5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsensors-devel.i686                             5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsensors-devel.x86_64                           5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsensors-examples.x86_64                        5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtserialbus.i686                                 5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtserialbus.x86_64                               5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtserialbus-examples.x86_64                      5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtserialport.i686                                5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtserialport.x86_64                              5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtserialport-devel.i686                          5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtserialport-devel.x86_64                        5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtserialport-examples.x86_64                     5.11.1-3.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsvg.i686                                       5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsvg.x86_64                                     5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsvg-devel.i686                                 5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsvg-devel.x86_64                               5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtsvg-examples.x86_64                            5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools.x86_64                                   5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-common.noarch                            5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-devel.i686                               5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-devel.x86_64                             5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-examples.i686                            5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-examples.x86_64                          5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.i686                       5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designer.x86_64                     5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.i686             5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-libs-designercomponents.x86_64           5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-libs-help.i686                           5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttools-libs-help.x86_64                         5.11.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qttranslations.noarch                            5.11.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwayland.i686                                   5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwayland.x86_64                                 5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwayland-examples.x86_64                        5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebchannel.i686                                5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebchannel.x86_64                              5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-devel.i686                          5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-devel.x86_64                        5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebchannel-examples.x86_64                     5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebsockets.i686                                5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebsockets.x86_64                              5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-devel.i686                          5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-devel.x86_64                        5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtwebsockets-examples.x86_64                     5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtx11extras.i686                                 5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtx11extras.x86_64                               5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtx11extras-devel.i686                           5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtx11extras-devel.x86_64                         5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.i686                               5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns.x86_64                             5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel.i686                         5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-devel.x86_64                       5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-qtxmlpatterns-examples.x86_64                    5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-rpm-macros.noarch                                5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
qt5-srpm-macros.noarch                               5.11.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
quota.i686                                           1:4.04-10.el8                                           BaseOS    
quota-doc.noarch                                     1:4.04-10.el8                                           BaseOS    
quota-nld.x86_64                                     1:4.04-10.el8                                           BaseOS    
quota-rpc.x86_64                                     1:4.04-10.el8                                           BaseOS    
quota-warnquota.x86_64                               1:4.04-10.el8                                           BaseOS    
radvd.x86_64                                         2.17-12.el8                                             AppStream 
raptor2.i686                                         2.0.15-13.el8                                           AppStream 
raptor2.x86_64                                       2.0.15-13.el8                                           AppStream 
rarian.i686                                          0.8.1-19.el8                                            AppStream 
rarian.x86_64                                        0.8.1-19.el8                                            AppStream 
rarian-compat.x86_64                                 0.8.1-19.el8                                            AppStream 
rasdaemon.i686                                       0.6.1-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
rasdaemon.x86_64                                     0.6.1-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
rasqal.i686                                          0.9.33-6.el8                                            AppStream 
rasqal.x86_64                                        0.9.33-6.el8                                            AppStream 
rdma-core.i686                                       22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
rdma-core.x86_64                                     22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
rdma-core-devel.i686                                 22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
rdma-core-devel.x86_64                               22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
readline.i686                                        7.0-10.el8                                              BaseOS    
readline-devel.i686                                  7.0-10.el8                                              BaseOS    
readline-devel.x86_64                                7.0-10.el8                                              BaseOS    
readonly-root.noarch                                 10.00.1-1.el8_0.1                                       BaseOS    
realmd.i686                                          0.16.3-16.el8                                           BaseOS    
rear.x86_64                                          2.4-8.el8_0                                             AppStream 
recode.i686                                          3.6-47.el8                                              AppStream 
recode.x86_64                                        3.6-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redfish-finder.noarch                                0.2-1.el8                                               AppStream 
redhat-lsb.x86_64                                    4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-core.i686                                 4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-core.x86_64                               4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-cxx.i686                                  4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-cxx.x86_64                                4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-desktop.i686                              4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-desktop.x86_64                            4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-languages.i686                            4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-languages.x86_64                          4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-printing.i686                             4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-printing.x86_64                           4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-submod-multimedia.i686                    4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-submod-multimedia.x86_64                  4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-submod-security.i686                      4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-lsb-submod-security.x86_64                    4.1-47.el8                                              AppStream 
redhat-menus.noarch                                  12.0.2-12.el8                                           AppStream 
redhat-rpm-config.noarch                             116-1.el8.0.1                                           AppStream 
redhat-support-lib-python.noarch                     0.10.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
redhat-support-tool.noarch                           0.10.2-1.el8_0                                          AppStream 
redis.x86_64                                         5.0.3-1.module_el8.0.0+6+ab019c03                       AppStream 
redis-devel.x86_64                                   5.0.3-1.module_el8.0.0+6+ab019c03                       AppStream 
redis-doc.noarch                                     5.0.3-1.module_el8.0.0+6+ab019c03                       AppStream 
redland.i686                                         1.0.17-14.el8                                           AppStream 
redland.x86_64                                       1.0.17-14.el8                                           AppStream 
relaxngDatatype-javadoc.noarch                       2011.1-7.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
relaxngcc.noarch                                     1.12-14.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
relaxngcc-javadoc.noarch                             1.12-14.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
rest.i686                                            0.8.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
rest.x86_64                                          0.8.1-2.el8                                             AppStream 
resteasy-javadoc.noarch                              3.0.26-3.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                     AppStream 
rhel-system-roles.noarch                             1.0-6.el8                                               AppStream 
rhn-check.x86_64                                     2.8.16-13.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                   AppStream 
rhn-custom-info.noarch                               5.4.42-4.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                     AppStream 
rhn-setup.x86_64                                     2.8.16-13.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                   AppStream 
rhn-setup-gnome.x86_64                               2.8.16-13.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                   AppStream 
rhn-virtualization-host.noarch                       5.4.70-4.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                     AppStream 
rhncfg.noarch                                        5.10.120-10.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                  AppStream 
rhncfg-actions.noarch                                5.10.120-10.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                  AppStream 
rhncfg-client.noarch                                 5.10.120-10.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                  AppStream 
rhncfg-management.noarch                             5.10.120-10.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                  AppStream 
rhnlib.noarch                                        2.8.6-8.module_el8.0.0+180+337688dc                     AppStream 
rhnpush.noarch                                       5.5.110-6.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                    AppStream 
rhnsd.x86_64                                         5.0.35-3.module_el8.0.0+18+3fba1a18                     AppStream 
rhsm-gtk.x86_64                                      1.23.8-35.el8                                           AppStream 
rhythmbox.i686                                       3.4.2-8.el8                                             AppStream 
rhythmbox.x86_64                                     3.4.2-8.el8                                             AppStream 
rls.x86_64                                           1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rmt.i686                                             2:1.5.3-13.el8                                          BaseOS    
rmt.x86_64                                           2:1.5.3-13.el8                                          BaseOS    
rng-tools.i686                                       6.6-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
rpcbind.i686                                         1.2.5-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
rpcbind.x86_64                                       1.2.5-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
rpm.i686                                             4.14.2-9.el8                                            BaseOS    
rpm-apidocs.noarch                                   4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpm-build.x86_64                                     4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         AppStream 
rpm-build-libs.i686                                  4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpm-cron.noarch                                      4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpm-devel.i686                                       4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpm-devel.x86_64                                     4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpm-libs.i686                                        4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpm-mpi-hooks.noarch                                 5-4.el8                                                 AppStream 
rpm-ostree.x86_64                                    2018.8-2.el8.0.1                                        AppStream 
rpm-ostree-libs.i686                                 2018.8-2.el8.0.1                                        AppStream 
rpm-ostree-libs.x86_64                               2018.8-2.el8.0.1                                        AppStream 
rpm-plugin-ima.x86_64                                4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpm-plugin-prioreset.x86_64                          4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpm-plugin-selinux.i686                              4.14.2-9.el8                                            BaseOS    
rpm-plugin-syslog.x86_64                             4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpm-sign.i686                                        4.14.2-9.el8                                            BaseOS    
rpm-sign.x86_64                                      4.14.2-11.el8_0                                         BaseOS    
rpmdevtools.noarch                                   8.10-7.el8                                              AppStream 
rpmemd.x86_64                                        1.5-2.el8                                               AppStream 
rpmlint.noarch                                       1.10-13.el8                                             AppStream 
rrdtool.i686                                         1.7.0-16.el8                                            AppStream 
rrdtool.x86_64                                       1.7.0-16.el8                                            AppStream 
rrdtool-perl.x86_64                                  1.7.0-16.el8                                            AppStream 
rsync.i686                                           3.1.3-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
rsync-daemon.noarch                                  3.1.3-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
rsyslog-crypto.x86_64                                8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-doc.noarch                                   8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-elasticsearch.x86_64                         8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-kafka.x86_64                                 8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-mmaudit.x86_64                               8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-mmjsonparse.x86_64                           8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-mmkubernetes.x86_64                          8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-mmnormalize.x86_64                           8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-mmsnmptrapd.x86_64                           8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-mysql.x86_64                                 8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-pgsql.x86_64                                 8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rsyslog-snmp.x86_64                                  8.37.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
rtkit.x86_64                                         0.11-19.el8                                             AppStream 
ruby.i686                                            2.5.3-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
ruby.x86_64                                          2.5.3-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
ruby-devel.i686                                      2.5.3-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
ruby-devel.x86_64                                    2.5.3-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
ruby-doc.noarch                                      2.5.3-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
ruby-hivex.x86_64                                    1.3.15-7.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
ruby-irb.noarch                                      2.5.3-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
ruby-libguestfs.x86_64                               1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
ruby-libs.i686                                       2.5.3-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
ruby-libs.x86_64                                     2.5.3-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-abrt.noarch                                  0.3.0-4.module_el8.0.0+17+bd0735cc                      AppStream 
rubygem-abrt-doc.noarch                              0.3.0-4.module_el8.0.0+17+bd0735cc                      AppStream 
rubygem-bigdecimal.i686                              1.3.4-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-bigdecimal.x86_64                            1.3.4-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-bson.x86_64                                  4.3.0-2.module_el8.0.0+17+bd0735cc                      AppStream 
rubygem-bson-doc.noarch                              4.3.0-2.module_el8.0.0+17+bd0735cc                      AppStream 
rubygem-bundler.noarch                               1.16.1-3.module_el8.0.0+17+bd0735cc                     AppStream 
rubygem-bundler-doc.noarch                           1.16.1-3.module_el8.0.0+17+bd0735cc                     AppStream 
rubygem-did_you_mean.noarch                          1.2.0-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-io-console.i686                              0.4.6-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-io-console.x86_64                            0.4.6-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-json.i686                                    2.1.0-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-json.x86_64                                  2.1.0-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-minitest.noarch                              5.10.3-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                  AppStream 
rubygem-mongo.noarch                                 2.5.1-2.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                     AppStream 
rubygem-mongo-doc.noarch                             2.5.1-2.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                     AppStream 
rubygem-mysql2.x86_64                                0.4.10-4.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                    AppStream 
rubygem-mysql2-doc.noarch                            0.4.10-4.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                    AppStream 
rubygem-net-telnet.noarch                            0.1.1-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-openssl.i686                                 2.1.2-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-openssl.x86_64                               2.1.2-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-pg.x86_64                                    1.0.0-2.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                     AppStream 
rubygem-pg-doc.noarch                                1.0.0-2.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                     AppStream 
rubygem-power_assert.noarch                          1.1.1-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-psych.i686                                   3.0.2-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-psych.x86_64                                 3.0.2-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-rake.noarch                                  12.3.0-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                  AppStream 
rubygem-rdoc.noarch                                  6.0.1-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-test-unit.noarch                             3.2.7-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygem-xmlrpc.noarch                                0.3.0-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygems.noarch                                      2.7.6-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rubygems-devel.noarch                                2.7.6-104.module_el8.0.0+179+565e49e2                   AppStream 
rust.x86_64                                          1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rust-analysis.x86_64                                 1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rust-debugger-common.noarch                          1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rust-doc.x86_64                                      1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rust-gdb.noarch                                      1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rust-lldb.x86_64                                     1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rust-src.noarch                                      1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rust-srpm-macros.noarch                              5-2.el8                                                 AppStream 
rust-std-static.x86_64                               1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rust-toolset.x86_64                                  1.35.0-1.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
rustfmt.x86_64                                       1.35.0-2.module_el8.0.0+177+7ed049b5                    AppStream 
saab-fonts.noarch                                    0.91-16.el8                                             AppStream 
sac.noarch                                           1.3-28.el8                                              AppStream 
samba.i686                                           4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba.x86_64                                         4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-client.i686                                    4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-client.x86_64                                  4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-client-libs.i686                               4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-common-libs.i686                               4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-common-tools.i686                              4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-common-tools.x86_64                            4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-dc-libs.x86_64                                 4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-krb5-printing.x86_64                           4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-libs.i686                                      4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-libs.x86_64                                    4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-pidl.noarch                                    4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-test.x86_64                                    4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-test-libs.i686                                 4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-test-libs.x86_64                               4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-winbind.i686                                   4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-winbind.x86_64                                 4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-winbind-clients.x86_64                         4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-winbind-krb5-locator.x86_64                    4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-winbind-modules.i686                           4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samba-winbind-modules.x86_64                         4.9.1-8.el8                                             BaseOS    
samyak-devanagari-fonts.noarch                       1.2.2-19.el8                                            AppStream 
samyak-fonts-common.noarch                           1.2.2-19.el8                                            AppStream 
samyak-gujarati-fonts.noarch                         1.2.2-19.el8                                            AppStream 
samyak-malayalam-fonts.noarch                        1.2.2-19.el8                                            AppStream 
samyak-odia-fonts.noarch                             1.2.2-19.el8                                            AppStream 
samyak-tamil-fonts.noarch                            1.2.2-19.el8                                            AppStream 
sane-backends.x86_64                                 1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-daemon.x86_64                          1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-devel.i686                             1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-devel.x86_64                           1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-doc.noarch                             1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.i686                   1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-drivers-cameras.x86_64                 1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.i686                  1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-drivers-scanners.x86_64                1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-libs.i686                              1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-backends-libs.x86_64                            1.0.27-19.el8                                           AppStream 
sane-frontends.x86_64                                1.0.14-30.el8                                           AppStream 
sanlk-reset.x86_64                                   3.6.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
sanlock.x86_64                                       3.6.0-5.el8                                             AppStream 
sanlock-lib.i686                                     3.6.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
sanlock-lib.x86_64                                   3.6.0-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
sassist.noarch                                       0.8.5-1.3.el8_0                                         AppStream 
satyr.i686                                           0.26-2.el8                                              AppStream 
satyr.x86_64                                         0.26-2.el8                                              AppStream 
sbc.i686                                             1.3-9.el8                                               AppStream 
sbc.x86_64                                           1.3-9.el8                                               AppStream 
sbd.x86_64                                           1.3.1-18.el8_0.3                                        AppStream 
sblim-sfcCommon.i686                                 1.0.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
sblim-sfcCommon.x86_64                               1.0.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
sblim-sfcb.x86_64                                    1.4.9-16.el8                                            AppStream 
sblim-sfcc.i686                                      2.2.8-9.el8                                             AppStream 
sblim-sfcc.x86_64                                    2.2.8-9.el8                                             AppStream 
scala.noarch                                         2.10.6-14.module_el8.0.0+82+8ee6c375                    AppStream 
scala-apidoc.noarch                                  2.10.6-14.module_el8.0.0+82+8ee6c375                    AppStream 
scala-swing.noarch                                   2.10.6-14.module_el8.0.0+82+8ee6c375                    AppStream 
scap-security-guide.noarch                           0.1.42-11.el8                                           AppStream 
scap-security-guide-doc.noarch                       0.1.42-11.el8                                           AppStream 
scap-workbench.x86_64                                1.2.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
scl-utils.x86_64                                     1:2.0.2-7.el8                                           AppStream 
scl-utils-build.x86_64                               1:2.0.2-7.el8                                           AppStream 
scrub.x86_64                                         2.5.2-12.el8                                            AppStream 
seabios.x86_64                                       1.11.1-4.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
seabios-bin.noarch                                   1.11.1-4.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
seahorse.x86_64                                      3.20.0-9.el8                                            AppStream 
seavgabios-bin.noarch                                1.11.1-4.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
sed.i686                                             4.5-1.el8                                               BaseOS    
selinux-policy-devel.noarch                          3.14.1-61.el8_0.2                                       BaseOS    
selinux-policy-doc.noarch                            3.14.1-61.el8_0.2                                       BaseOS    
selinux-policy-minimum.noarch                        3.14.1-61.el8_0.2                                       BaseOS    
selinux-policy-mls.noarch                            3.14.1-61.el8_0.2                                       BaseOS    
selinux-policy-sandbox.noarch                        3.14.1-61.el8_0.2                                       BaseOS    
sendmail.i686                                        8.15.2-31.el8                                           BaseOS    
sendmail.x86_64                                      8.15.2-31.el8                                           AppStream 
sendmail.x86_64                                      8.15.2-31.el8                                           BaseOS    
sendmail-cf.noarch                                   8.15.2-31.el8                                           AppStream 
sendmail-doc.noarch                                  8.15.2-31.el8                                           AppStream 
sendmail-milter.i686                                 8.15.2-31.el8                                           AppStream 
sendmail-milter.x86_64                               8.15.2-31.el8                                           AppStream 
setools.x86_64                                       4.2.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
setools-console.i686                                 4.2.0-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
setools-console.x86_64                               4.2.0-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
setroubleshoot.x86_64                                3.3.19-1.el8                                            AppStream 
setserial.i686                                       2.17-45.el8                                             BaseOS    
setserial.x86_64                                     2.17-45.el8                                             BaseOS    
sg3_utils.i686                                       1.44-2.el8                                              BaseOS    
sg3_utils-libs.i686                                  1.44-2.el8                                              BaseOS    
sgabios.x86_64                                       1:0.20170427git-3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb           AppStream 
sgabios-bin.noarch                                   1:0.20170427git-3.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb           AppStream 
sgml-common.noarch                                   0.6.3-50.el8                                            BaseOS    
sgpio.x86_64                                         1.2.0.10-21.el8                                         BaseOS    
shadow-utils.i686                                    2:4.6-7.el8                                             BaseOS    
shared-mime-info.i686                                1.9-3.el8                                               BaseOS    
shim-ia32.x86_64                                     15-8.el8                                                BaseOS    
shim-x64.x86_64                                      15-8.el8                                                BaseOS    
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                          1.200-13.el8                                            AppStream 
sil-abyssinica-fonts.noarch                          1.200-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
sil-nuosu-fonts.noarch                               2.1.1-14.el8                                            AppStream 
sil-padauk-book-fonts.noarch                         3.003-1.el8                                             AppStream 
sil-padauk-fonts.noarch                              3.003-1.el8                                             AppStream 
sil-scheherazade-fonts.noarch                        2.100-5.el8                                             AppStream 
sil-scheherazade-fonts.noarch                        2.100-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
sisu-inject.noarch                                   1:0.3.3-6.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
sisu-plexus.noarch                                   1:0.3.3-6.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                    AppStream 
skkdic.noarch                                        20170102-4.T1100.el8                                    AppStream 
skopeo.x86_64                                        1:0.1.32-3.git1715c90.module_el8.0.0+58+91b614e7        AppStream 
slang.i686                                           2.3.2-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
slang-devel.i686                                     2.3.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
slang-devel.x86_64                                   2.3.2-3.el8                                             AppStream 
slf4j.noarch                                         1.7.25-4.module_el8.0.0+39+6a9b6e22                     AppStream 
smartmontools.i686                                   1:6.6-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
smc-anjalioldlipi-fonts.noarch                       6.1-10.el8                                              AppStream 
smc-dyuthi-fonts.noarch                              6.1-10.el8                                              AppStream 
smc-fonts-common.noarch                              6.1-10.el8                                              AppStream 
smc-kalyani-fonts.noarch                             6.1-10.el8                                              AppStream 
smc-meera-fonts.noarch                               6.1-10.el8                                              AppStream 
smc-rachana-fonts.noarch                             6.1-10.el8                                              AppStream 
smc-raghumalayalam-fonts.noarch                      6.1-10.el8                                              AppStream 
smc-suruma-fonts.noarch                              6.1-10.el8                                              AppStream 
smc-tools.i686                                       1.1.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
smc-tools.x86_64                                     1.1.0-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
snappy.i686                                          1.1.7-5.el8                                             BaseOS    
socat.x86_64                                         1.7.3.2-6.el8                                           AppStream 
sos-audit.noarch                                     3.6-10.el8_0.3                                          BaseOS    
sos-collector.noarch                                 1.7-2.el8_0                                             AppStream 
sound-theme-freedesktop.noarch                       0.8-9.el8                                               AppStream 
soundtouch.i686                                      2.0.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
soundtouch.x86_64                                    2.0.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
source-highlight.i686                                3.1.8-16.el8                                            AppStream 
source-highlight.x86_64                              3.1.8-16.el8                                            AppStream 
spacewalk-abrt.noarch                                2.8.3-5.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
spacewalk-client-cert.noarch                         2.8.2-3.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
spacewalk-koan.noarch                                2.8.6-6.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
spacewalk-oscap.noarch                               2.8.5-4.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
spacewalk-remote-utils.noarch                        2.8.4-5.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
spacewalk-usix.noarch                                2.8.1-5.module_el8.0.0+43+68a81eb1                      AppStream 
spamassassin.x86_64                                  3.4.2-6.el8                                             AppStream 
spax.x86_64                                          1.5.3-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
speech-dispatcher.i686                               0.8.8-6.el8                                             AppStream 
speech-dispatcher.x86_64                             0.8.8-6.el8                                             AppStream 
speech-dispatcher-espeak-ng.x86_64                   0.8.8-6.el8                                             AppStream 
speex.i686                                           1.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
speex.x86_64                                         1.2.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
speexdsp.i686                                        1.2-0.13.rc3.el8                                        AppStream 
speexdsp.x86_64                                      1.2-0.13.rc3.el8                                        AppStream 
spice-glib.i686                                      0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-glib.x86_64                                    0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-glib-devel.i686                                0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-glib-devel.x86_64                              0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-gtk.x86_64                                     0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-gtk-tools.x86_64                               0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-gtk3.i686                                      0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-gtk3.x86_64                                    0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-gtk3-devel.i686                                0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-gtk3-devel.x86_64                              0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-gtk3-vala.x86_64                               0.35-7.el8                                              AppStream 
spice-protocol.noarch                                0.12.14-1.el8                                           AppStream 
spice-server.i686                                    0.14.0-7.el8                                            AppStream 
spice-server.x86_64                                  0.14.0-7.el8                                            AppStream 
spice-vdagent.x86_64                                 0.18.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
splix.x86_64                                         2.0.1-0.36.20130902svn.el8                              AppStream 
sqlite.i686                                          3.26.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
sqlite-devel.i686                                    3.26.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
sqlite-devel.x86_64                                  3.26.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
sqlite-doc.noarch                                    3.26.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
sqlite-libs.i686                                     3.26.0-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
squashfs-tools.i686                                  4.3-17.el8                                              BaseOS    
squid.x86_64                                         7:4.4-5.module_el8.0.0+182+b6dc903f                     AppStream 
srp_daemon.i686                                      22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
srp_daemon.x86_64                                    22-2.el8                                                BaseOS    
sssd.i686                                            2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-ad.i686                                         2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-client.i686                                     2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-common.i686                                     2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-common-pac.i686                                 2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-dbus.i686                                       2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-dbus.x86_64                                     2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-ipa.i686                                        2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-kcm.i686                                        2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-krb5.i686                                       2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-krb5-common.i686                                2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-ldap.i686                                       2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-libwbclient.x86_64                              2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-tools.x86_64                                    2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
sssd-winbind-idmap.x86_64                            2.0.0-43.el8_0.3                                        BaseOS    
star.x86_64                                          1.5.3-13.el8                                            BaseOS    
startup-notification.i686                            0.12-15.el8                                             AppStream 
startup-notification.x86_64                          0.12-15.el8                                             AppStream 
startup-notification-devel.i686                      0.12-15.el8                                             AppStream 
startup-notification-devel.x86_64                    0.12-15.el8                                             AppStream 
stax-ex-javadoc.noarch                               1.7.7-8.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
stix-fonts.noarch                                    1.1.0-12.el8                                            AppStream 
stix-fonts.noarch                                    1.1.0-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
stix-math-fonts.noarch                               1.1.0-12.el8                                            AppStream 
stix-math-fonts.noarch                               1.1.0-12.el8                                            BaseOS    
strace.i686                                          4.24-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
stratis-cli.noarch                                   1.0.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
stratisd.x86_64                                      1.0.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
stunnel.i686                                         5.48-5.el8.0.1                                          BaseOS    
stunnel.x86_64                                       5.48-5.el8.0.1                                          BaseOS    
subscription-manager.i686                            1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
subscription-manager.x86_64                          1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
subscription-manager-cockpit.noarch                  1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
subscription-manager-initial-setup-addon.x86_64      1.23.8-35.el8                                           AppStream 
subscription-manager-migration.x86_64                1.23.8-35.el8                                           AppStream 
subscription-manager-migration-data.noarch           2.0.37-2.el8                                            AppStream 
subscription-manager-plugin-container.x86_64         1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
subscription-manager-plugin-ostree.x86_64            1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates.i686          1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
subscription-manager-rhsm-certificates.x86_64        1.23.8-35.el8                                           BaseOS    
subversion.x86_64                                    1.10.2-1.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                     AppStream 
subversion-devel.x86_64                              1.10.2-1.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                     AppStream 
subversion-gnome.x86_64                              1.10.2-1.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                     AppStream 
subversion-javahl.noarch                             1.10.2-1.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                     AppStream 
subversion-libs.x86_64                               1.10.2-1.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                     AppStream 
subversion-perl.x86_64                               1.10.2-1.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                     AppStream 
subversion-tools.x86_64                              1.10.2-1.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                     AppStream 
sudo.i686                                            1.8.25p1-4.el8                                          BaseOS    
suitesparse.i686                                     4.4.6-11.el8                                            AppStream 
suitesparse.x86_64                                   4.4.6-11.el8                                            AppStream 
supermin.x86_64                                      5.1.19-9.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
supermin-devel.x86_64                                5.1.19-9.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb                    AppStream 
sushi.x86_64                                         3.28.3-1.el8                                            AppStream 
swig.x86_64                                          3.0.12-18.module_el8.0.0+8+90b9a8be                     AppStream 
swig-doc.noarch                                      3.0.12-18.module_el8.0.0+8+90b9a8be                     AppStream 
swig-gdb.x86_64                                      3.0.12-18.module_el8.0.0+8+90b9a8be                     AppStream 
switcheroo-control.x86_64                            1.1-5.el8                                               AppStream 
symlinks.i686                                        1.4-19.el8                                              BaseOS    
sysfsutils.x86_64                                    2.1.0-24.el8                                            AppStream 
syslinux.i686                                        6.04-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
syslinux.x86_64                                      6.04-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
syslinux-extlinux.i686                               6.04-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
syslinux-extlinux.x86_64                             6.04-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
syslinux-extlinux-nonlinux.noarch                    6.04-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
syslinux-nonlinux.noarch                             6.04-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
syslinux-tftpboot.noarch                             6.04-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
sysstat.x86_64                                       11.7.3-2.el8                                            AppStream 
system-config-printer-libs.noarch                    1.5.11-13.el8                                           AppStream 
system-config-printer-udev.x86_64                    1.5.11-13.el8                                           AppStream 
system-storage-manager.noarch                        1.2-2.el8                                               BaseOS    
systemd.i686                                         239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemd-container.i686                               239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemd-container.x86_64                             239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemd-devel.i686                                   239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemd-devel.x86_64                                 239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemd-journal-remote.x86_64                        239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemd-libs.i686                                    239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemd-pam.i686                                     239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemd-tests.x86_64                                 239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemd-udev.i686                                    239-13.el8_0.5                                          BaseOS    
systemtap.x86_64                                     4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-client.x86_64                              4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-devel.i686                                 4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-devel.x86_64                               4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-exporter.x86_64                            4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-initscript.x86_64                          4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-runtime.x86_64                             4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-runtime-java.x86_64                        4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-runtime-python3.x86_64                     4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-runtime-virtguest.x86_64                   4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-runtime-virthost.x86_64                    4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-sdt-devel.i686                             4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-sdt-devel.x86_64                           4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
systemtap-server.x86_64                              4.0-7.el8                                               AppStream 
taglib.i686                                          1.11.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
taglib.x86_64                                        1.11.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
tagsoup.noarch                                       1.2.1-15.el8                                            AppStream 
tang.x86_64                                          7-1.el8                                                 AppStream 
tar.i686                                             2:1.30-4.el8                                            BaseOS    
target-restore.noarch                                2.1.fb69-3.el8                                          BaseOS    
targetcli.noarch                                     2.1.fb49-1.el8                                          AppStream 
tbb.i686                                             2018.2-9.el8                                            AppStream 
tbb.x86_64                                           2018.2-9.el8                                            AppStream 
tbb-devel.i686                                       2018.2-9.el8                                            AppStream 
tbb-devel.x86_64                                     2018.2-9.el8                                            AppStream 
tbb-doc.x86_64                                       2018.2-9.el8                                            AppStream 
tboot.i686                                           1:1.9.7-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
tboot.x86_64                                         1:1.9.7-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
tcl.i686                                             1:8.6.8-2.el8                                           AppStream 
tcl.i686                                             1:8.6.8-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
tcl.x86_64                                           1:8.6.8-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
tcl-brlapi.x86_64                                    0.6.7-28.el8                                            AppStream 
tcl-devel.i686                                       1:8.6.8-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
tcl-devel.x86_64                                     1:8.6.8-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
tcl-doc.noarch                                       1:8.6.8-2.el8                                           BaseOS    
tcsh.x86_64                                          6.20.00-9.el8                                           AppStream 
tdb-tools.i686                                       1.3.16-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
tdb-tools.x86_64                                     1.3.16-3.el8                                            BaseOS    
teamd.i686                                           1.27-10.el8                                             BaseOS    
teckit.i686                                          2.5.8-1.el8                                             AppStream 
teckit.x86_64                                        2.5.8-1.el8                                             AppStream 
telnet.x86_64                                        1:0.17-73.el8                                           AppStream 
telnet-server.x86_64                                 1:0.17-73.el8                                           AppStream 
tex-fonts-hebrew.noarch                              0.1-28.el8                                              AppStream 
texlive.x86_64                                       7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-adjustbox.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ae.noarch                                    7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-algorithms.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-amscls.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-amsfonts.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-amsmath.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-anyfontsize.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-anysize.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-appendix.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-arabxetex.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-arphic.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-attachfile.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-avantgar.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-awesomebox.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-babel.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-babel-english.noarch                         7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-babelbib.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-base.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-beamer.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-bera.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-beton.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-bibtex.x86_64                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-bibtopic.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-bidi.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-bigfoot.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-bookman.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-booktabs.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-breakurl.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-breqn.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-capt-of.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-caption.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-carlisle.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-changebar.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-changepage.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-charter.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-chngcntr.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-cite.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-cjk.noarch                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-classpack.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-cm.noarch                                    7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-cm-lgc.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-cm-super.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-cmap.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-cmextra.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-cns.noarch                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-collectbox.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-collection-basic.noarch                      7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-collection-fontsrecommended.noarch           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-collection-htmlxml.noarch                    7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-collection-latex.noarch                      7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-collection-latexrecommended.noarch           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-collection-xetex.noarch                      7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-colortbl.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-courier.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-crop.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-csquotes.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ctable.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ctablestack.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-currfile.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-datetime.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-dvipdfmx.x86_64                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-dvipng.x86_64                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-dvips.x86_64                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-dvisvgm.x86_64                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ec.noarch                                    7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-eepic.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-enctex.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-enumitem.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-environ.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-epsf.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-epstopdf.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-eqparbox.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-eso-pic.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-etex.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-etex-pkg.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-etoolbox.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-euenc.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-euler.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-euro.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-eurosym.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-extsizes.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fancybox.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fancyhdr.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fancyref.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fancyvrb.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-filecontents.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-filehook.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-finstrut.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fix2col.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fixlatvian.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-float.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fmtcount.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fncychap.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fontawesome.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fontbook.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fonts-tlwg.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fontspec.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fontware.x86_64                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fontwrap.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-footmisc.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fp.noarch                                    7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-fpl.noarch                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-framed.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-garuda-c90.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-geometry.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-glyphlist.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-graphics.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-graphics-cfg.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-graphics-def.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-gsftopk.x86_64                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-helvetic.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-hyperref.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-hyph-utf8.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-hyphen-base.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-hyphenat.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ifetex.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ifluatex.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ifmtarg.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ifoddpage.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-iftex.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ifxetex.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-import.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-index.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-jadetex.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-jknapltx.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-kastrup.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-kerkis.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-knuth-lib.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-knuth-local.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-koma-script.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-kpathsea.x86_64                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-l3experimental.noarch                        7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-l3kernel.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-l3packages.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lastpage.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-latex.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-latex-fonts.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-latex2man.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-latexconfig.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lettrine.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lib.i686                                     7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lib.x86_64                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-linegoal.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lineno.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-listings.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lm.noarch                                    7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lm-math.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ltabptch.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ltxmisc.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lua-alt-getopt.noarch                        7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lualatex-math.noarch                         7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-lualibs.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-luaotfload.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-luatex.x86_64                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-luatex85.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-luatexbase.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-makecmds.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-makeindex.x86_64                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-manfnt-font.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-marginnote.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-marvosym.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mathpazo.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mathspec.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mathtools.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mdwtools.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-memoir.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-metafont.x86_64                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-metalogo.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-metapost.x86_64                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mflogo.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mflogo-font.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mfnfss.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mfware.x86_64                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-microtype.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mnsymbol.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mparhack.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-mptopdf.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ms.noarch                                    7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-multido.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-multirow.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-natbib.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ncctools.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ncntrsbk.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-needspace.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-norasi-c90.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ntgclass.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-oberdiek.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-overpic.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-palatino.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-paralist.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-parallel.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-parskip.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-passivetex.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pdfpages.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pdftex.x86_64                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pgf.noarch                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-philokalia.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-placeins.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-plain.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-polyglossia.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-powerdot.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-preprint.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-psfrag.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pslatex.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-psnfss.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pspicture.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-3d.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-blur.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-coil.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-eps.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-fill.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-grad.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-math.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-node.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-plot.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-slpe.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-text.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pst-tree.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pstricks.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pstricks-add.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ptext.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-pxfonts.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-qstest.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-rcs.noarch                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-realscripts.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-rsfs.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-sansmath.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-sauerj.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-scheme-basic.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-section.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-sectsty.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-seminar.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-sepnum.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-setspace.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-showexpl.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-soul.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-stmaryrd.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-subfig.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-subfigure.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-svn-prov.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-symbol.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-t2.noarch                                    7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tabu.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tabulary.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tetex.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tex.x86_64                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tex-gyre.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tex-gyre-math.noarch                         7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tex-ini-files.noarch                         7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tex4ht.x86_64                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-texconfig.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-texlive-common-doc.noarch                    7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-texlive-docindex.noarch                      7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-texlive-en.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-texlive-msg-translations.noarch              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-texlive-scripts.noarch                       7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-texlive.infra.noarch                         7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-textcase.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-textpos.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-threeparttable.noarch                        7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-thumbpdf.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-times.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tipa.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-titlesec.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-titling.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tocloft.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-tools.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-trimspaces.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-txfonts.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-type1cm.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-typehtml.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ucharclasses.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ucs.noarch                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-uhc.noarch                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-ulem.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-underscore.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-unicode-data.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-unicode-math.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-unisugar.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-updmap-map.noarch                            7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-upquote.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-url.noarch                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-utopia.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-varwidth.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-wadalab.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-was.noarch                                   7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-wasy.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-wasy2-ps.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-wasysym.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-wrapfig.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xcolor.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xdvi.x86_64                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xecjk.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xecolor.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xecyr.noarch                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xeindex.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xepersian.noarch                             7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xesearch.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xetex.x86_64                                 7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xetex-itrans.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xetex-pstricks.noarch                        7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xetex-tibetan.noarch                         7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xetexconfig.noarch                           7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xetexfontinfo.noarch                         7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xifthen.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xkeyval.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xltxtra.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xmltex.noarch                                7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xmltexconfig.noarch                          7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xstring.noarch                               7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xtab.noarch                                  7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-xunicode.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-zapfchan.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
texlive-zapfding.noarch                              7:20180414-13.el8                                       AppStream 
tftp.x86_64                                          5.2-24.el8                                              AppStream 
tftp-server.x86_64                                   5.2-24.el8                                              AppStream 
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-fonts-common.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-garuda-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-garuda-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-kinnari-fonts.noarch                   0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-kinnari-fonts.noarch                   0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-laksaman-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-laksaman-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-loma-fonts.noarch                      0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-loma-fonts.noarch                      0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-norasi-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-norasi-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-purisa-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-purisa-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-sawasdee-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-sawasdee-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-tlwgmono-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-tlwgmono-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-tlwgtypewriter-fonts.noarch            0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypewriter-fonts.noarch            0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-tlwgtypist-fonts.noarch                0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypist-fonts.noarch                0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-tlwgtypo-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-tlwgtypo-fonts.noarch                  0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-umpush-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-umpush-fonts.noarch                    0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.6.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
thai-scalable-waree-fonts.noarch                     0.6.5-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
theora-tools.x86_64                                  1:1.1.1-21.el8                                          AppStream 
thunderbird.x86_64                                   68.2.0-1.el8_0                                          AppStream 
tibetan-machine-uni-fonts.noarch                     1.901-20.el8                                            AppStream 
tibetan-machine-uni-fonts.noarch                     1.901-20.el8                                            BaseOS    
tigervnc.x86_64                                      1.9.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
tigervnc-icons.noarch                                1.9.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
tigervnc-license.noarch                              1.9.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
tigervnc-server.x86_64                               1.9.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
tigervnc-server-applet.noarch                        1.9.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
tigervnc-server-minimal.x86_64                       1.9.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
tigervnc-server-module.x86_64                        1.9.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
time.i686                                            1.9-3.el8                                               BaseOS    
timedatex.i686                                       0.5-3.el8                                               BaseOS    
tix.i686                                             1:8.4.3-23.el8                                          AppStream 
tix.x86_64                                           1:8.4.3-23.el8                                          AppStream 
tk.i686                                              1:8.6.8-1.el8                                           AppStream 
tk.x86_64                                            1:8.6.8-1.el8                                           AppStream 
tk-devel.i686                                        1:8.6.8-1.el8                                           AppStream 
tk-devel.x86_64                                      1:8.6.8-1.el8                                           AppStream 
tlog.i686                                            5-1.el8                                                 AppStream 
tlog.x86_64                                          5-1.el8                                                 AppStream 
tmpwatch.x86_64                                      2.11-14.el8                                             BaseOS    
tmux.i686                                            2.7-1.el8                                               BaseOS    
tmux.x86_64                                          2.7-1.el8                                               BaseOS    
tog-pegasus.x86_64                                   2:2.14.1-44.el8                                         AppStream 
tog-pegasus-libs.i686                                2:2.14.1-44.el8                                         AppStream 
tog-pegasus-libs.x86_64                              2:2.14.1-44.el8                                         AppStream 
tokyocabinet.i686                                    1.4.48-10.el8                                           AppStream 
tokyocabinet.x86_64                                  1.4.48-10.el8                                           AppStream 
torque-libs.i686                                     4.2.10-17.el8                                           AppStream 
torque-libs.x86_64                                   4.2.10-17.el8                                           AppStream 
totem.x86_64                                         1:3.26.2-1.el8                                          AppStream 
totem-nautilus.x86_64                                1:3.26.2-1.el8                                          AppStream 
totem-pl-parser.i686                                 3.26.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
totem-pl-parser.x86_64                               3.26.1-2.el8                                            AppStream 
tpm-quote-tools.i686                                 1.0.3-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm-quote-tools.x86_64                               1.0.3-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm-tools.i686                                       1.3.9-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm-tools.x86_64                                     1.3.9-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm-tools-pkcs11.x86_64                              1.3.9-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm2-abrmd.i686                                      2.0.0-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm2-abrmd.x86_64                                    2.0.0-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm2-abrmd-selinux.noarch                            2.0.0-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm2-tools.i686                                      3.1.1-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm2-tss.i686                                        2.0.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm2-tss-devel.i686                                  2.0.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
tpm2-tss-devel.x86_64                                2.0.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
trace-cmd.x86_64                                     2.7-6.el8                                               BaseOS    
traceroute.i686                                      3:2.1.0-6.el8                                           BaseOS    
traceroute.x86_64                                    3:2.1.0-6.el8                                           BaseOS    
tracker.i686                                         2.1.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
tracker.x86_64                                       2.1.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
tracker-miners.i686                                  2.1.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
tracker-miners.x86_64                                2.1.5-1.el8                                             AppStream 
tree.i686                                            1.7.0-15.el8                                            BaseOS    
trousers.i686                                        0.3.14-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
trousers-lib.i686                                    0.3.14-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
ttmkfdir.x86_64                                      3.0.9-54.el8                                            AppStream 
tuna.noarch                                          0.14-3.el8                                              BaseOS    
tuned-gtk.noarch                                     2.10.0-15.el8                                           AppStream 
tuned-profiles-atomic.noarch                         2.10.0-15.el8                                           BaseOS    
tuned-profiles-compat.noarch                         2.10.0-15.el8                                           BaseOS    
tuned-profiles-cpu-partitioning.noarch               2.10.0-15.el8                                           BaseOS    
tuned-profiles-mssql.noarch                          2.10.0-15.el8                                           BaseOS    
tuned-profiles-oracle.noarch                         2.10.0-15.el8                                           BaseOS    
tuned-utils.noarch                                   2.10.0-15.el8                                           AppStream 
tuned-utils-systemtap.noarch                         2.10.0-15.el8                                           AppStream 
turbojpeg.i686                                       1.5.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
turbojpeg.x86_64                                     1.5.3-7.el8                                             AppStream 
twolame-libs.i686                                    0.3.13-11.el8                                           AppStream 
twolame-libs.x86_64                                  0.3.13-11.el8                                           AppStream 
tzdata-java.noarch                                   2019a-1.el8                                             AppStream 
ucs-miscfixed-fonts.noarch                           0.3-17.el8                                              AppStream 
ucx.x86_64                                           1.4.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
unbound.x86_64                                       1.7.3-8.el8                                             AppStream 
unbound-devel.i686                                   1.7.3-8.el8                                             AppStream 
unbound-devel.x86_64                                 1.7.3-8.el8                                             AppStream 
unbound-libs.i686                                    1.7.3-8.el8                                             AppStream 
unicode-ucd.noarch                                   11.0.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
units.i686                                           2.17-5.el8                                              BaseOS    
units.x86_64                                         2.17-5.el8                                              BaseOS    
unixODBC.i686                                        2.3.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
unixODBC.x86_64                                      2.3.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
unixODBC-devel.i686                                  2.3.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
unixODBC-devel.x86_64                                2.3.7-1.el8                                             AppStream 
unzip.i686                                           6.0-41.el8                                              BaseOS    
upower.i686                                          0.99.7-3.el8                                            AppStream 
upower.x86_64                                        0.99.7-3.el8                                            AppStream 
urlview.x86_64                                       0.9-23.20131022git08767a.el8                            AppStream 
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-bookman-fonts.noarch                      20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-c059-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-d050000l-fonts.noarch                     20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
urw-base35-fonts.noarch                              20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-fonts-common.noarch                       20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-gothic-fonts.noarch                       20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-nimbus-mono-ps-fonts.noarch               20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-nimbus-roman-fonts.noarch                 20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-nimbus-sans-fonts.noarch                  20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-p052-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
urw-base35-standard-symbols-ps-fonts.noarch          20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                         AppStream 
urw-base35-z003-fonts.noarch                         20170801-10.el8                                         BaseOS    
usb_modeswitch.i686                                  2.5.2-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
usbguard.i686                                        0.7.4-2.el8                                             AppStream 
usbguard.x86_64                                      0.7.4-2.el8                                             AppStream 
usbguard-dbus.x86_64                                 0.7.4-2.el8                                             AppStream 
usbguard-tools.x86_64                                0.7.4-2.el8                                             AppStream 
usbmuxd.x86_64                                       1.1.0-13.el8                                            AppStream 
usbredir.i686                                        0.8.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
usbredir.x86_64                                      0.8.0-1.el8                                             AppStream 
usbutils.i686                                        010-3.el8                                               BaseOS    
usermode.i686                                        1.113-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
usermode.x86_64                                      1.113-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
usermode-gtk.x86_64                                  1.113-1.el8                                             AppStream 
userspace-rcu.i686                                   0.10.1-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
utf8proc.x86_64                                      2.1.1-4.module_el8.0.0+45+75bba4f4                      AppStream 
util-linux.i686                                      2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
util-linux-user.i686                                 2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
uuid.i686                                            1.6.2-42.el8                                            AppStream 
uuid.x86_64                                          1.6.2-42.el8                                            AppStream 
uuidd.x86_64                                         2.32.1-8.el8                                            BaseOS    
valgrind.i686                                        1:3.14.0-10.el8                                         AppStream 
valgrind.x86_64                                      1:3.14.0-10.el8                                         AppStream 
valgrind-devel.i686                                  1:3.14.0-10.el8                                         AppStream 
valgrind-devel.x86_64                                1:3.14.0-10.el8                                         AppStream 
varnish.x86_64                                       6.0.2-1.module_el8.0.0+19+b2cdb875                      AppStream 
varnish-devel.x86_64                                 6.0.2-1.module_el8.0.0+19+b2cdb875                      AppStream 
varnish-docs.x86_64                                  6.0.2-1.module_el8.0.0+19+b2cdb875                      AppStream 
varnish-modules.x86_64                               0.15.0-4.module_el8.0.0+19+b2cdb875                     AppStream 
velocity-demo.noarch                                 1.7-24.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                       AppStream 
velocity-javadoc.noarch                              1.7-24.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                       AppStream 
velocity-manual.noarch                               1.7-24.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                       AppStream 
veritysetup.x86_64                                   2.0.6-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
vhostmd.x86_64                                       0.5-18.el8                                              AppStream 
vim-X11.x86_64                                       2:8.0.1763-10.el8                                       AppStream 
vim-minimal.i686                                     2:8.0.1763-10.el8                                       BaseOS    
vinagre.x86_64                                       3.22.0-18.el8                                           AppStream 
vino.x86_64                                          3.22.0-10.el8                                           AppStream 
virt-dib.x86_64                                      1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
virt-install.noarch                                  2.0.0-5.1.el8                                           AppStream 
virt-manager.noarch                                  2.0.0-5.1.el8                                           AppStream 
virt-manager-common.noarch                           2.0.0-5.1.el8                                           AppStream 
virt-p2v-maker.x86_64                                1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
virt-top.x86_64                                      1.0.8-32.el8                                            AppStream 
virt-v2v.x86_64                                      1:1.38.4-11.1.module_el8.0.0+189+f9babebb               AppStream 
virt-viewer.x86_64                                   7.0-3.el8_0.1                                           AppStream 
virt-what.i686                                       1.18-6.el8                                              BaseOS    
virt-who.noarch                                      0.23.5-1.el8                                            AppStream 
vm-dump-metrics.i686                                 0.5-18.el8                                              BaseOS    
vm-dump-metrics.x86_64                               0.5-18.el8                                              BaseOS    
vm-dump-metrics-devel.i686                           0.5-18.el8                                              BaseOS    
vm-dump-metrics-devel.x86_64                         0.5-18.el8                                              BaseOS    
voikko-tools.x86_64                                  4.1.1-1.el8                                             AppStream 
volume_key.x86_64                                    0.3.11-4.el8                                            AppStream 
volume_key-devel.i686                                0.3.11-4.el8                                            AppStream 
volume_key-devel.x86_64                              0.3.11-4.el8                                            AppStream 
volume_key-libs.i686                                 0.3.11-4.el8                                            AppStream 
vorbis-tools.x86_64                                  1:1.4.0-28.el8                                          AppStream 
vsftpd.x86_64                                        3.0.3-28.el8                                            AppStream 
vte-profile.x86_64                                   0.52.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
vte291.i686                                          0.52.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
vte291.x86_64                                        0.52.2-2.el8                                            AppStream 
vulkan-headers.noarch                                1.1.82.0-1.el8                                          AppStream 
vulkan-loader.i686                                   1.1.82.0-1.el8                                          AppStream 
vulkan-loader.x86_64                                 1.1.82.0-1.el8                                          AppStream 
vulkan-loader-devel.i686                             1.1.82.0-1.el8                                          AppStream 
vulkan-loader-devel.x86_64                           1.1.82.0-1.el8                                          AppStream 
watchdog.x86_64                                      5.15-1.el8                                              BaseOS    
wavpack.i686                                         5.1.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
wavpack.x86_64                                       5.1.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
wayland-devel.i686                                   1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
wayland-devel.x86_64                                 1.15.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
wayland-protocols-devel.noarch                       1.15-1.el8                                              AppStream 
webkit2gtk3.i686                                     2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webkit2gtk3.x86_64                                   2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-devel.i686                               2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-devel.x86_64                             2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc.i686                                 2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc.x86_64                               2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.i686                           2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-jsc-devel.x86_64                         2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-plugin-process-gtk2.i686                 2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webkit2gtk3-plugin-process-gtk2.x86_64               2.22.6-1.el8                                            AppStream 
webrtc-audio-processing.i686                         0.3-8.el8                                               AppStream 
webrtc-audio-processing.x86_64                       0.3-8.el8                                               AppStream 
which.i686                                           2.21-10.el8                                             BaseOS    
wireshark.x86_64                                     1:2.6.2-9.el8                                           AppStream 
wireshark-cli.i686                                   1:2.6.2-9.el8                                           AppStream 
wireshark-cli.x86_64                                 1:2.6.2-9.el8                                           AppStream 
wodim.x86_64                                         1.1.11-39.el8                                           AppStream 
woff2.i686                                           1.0.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
woff2.x86_64                                         1.0.2-4.el8                                             AppStream 
wpa_supplicant.i686                                  1:2.7-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
wpa_supplicant.x86_64                                1:2.7-1.el8                                             BaseOS    
wqy-microhei-fonts.noarch                            0.2.0-0.22.beta.el8                                     AppStream 
wqy-microhei-fonts.noarch                            0.2.0-0.22.beta.el8                                     BaseOS    
wqy-unibit-fonts.noarch                              1.1.0-20.el8                                            AppStream 
wqy-unibit-fonts.noarch                              1.1.0-20.el8                                            BaseOS    
wsmancli.x86_64                                      2.6.0-8.el8                                             AppStream 
x3270.i686                                           3.6ga5-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
x3270.x86_64                                         3.6ga5-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
x3270-text.i686                                      3.6ga5-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
x3270-text.x86_64                                    3.6ga5-1.el8                                            BaseOS    
x3270-x11.x86_64                                     3.6ga5-1.el8                                            AppStream 
xcb-util.i686                                        0.4.0-10.el8                                            AppStream 
xcb-util.x86_64                                      0.4.0-10.el8                                            AppStream 
xcb-util-image.i686                                  0.4.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
xcb-util-image.x86_64                                0.4.0-9.el8                                             AppStream 
xcb-util-keysyms.i686                                0.4.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
xcb-util-keysyms.x86_64                              0.4.0-7.el8                                             AppStream 
xcb-util-renderutil.i686                             0.3.9-10.el8                                            AppStream 
xcb-util-renderutil.x86_64                           0.3.9-10.el8                                            AppStream 
xcb-util-wm.i686                                     0.4.1-12.el8                                            AppStream 
xcb-util-wm.x86_64                                   0.4.1-12.el8                                            AppStream 
xdelta.i686                                          3.1.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
xdelta.x86_64                                        3.1.0-4.el8                                             BaseOS    
xdg-desktop-portal.x86_64                            1.0.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
xdg-desktop-portal-gtk.x86_64                        1.0.2-1.el8                                             AppStream 
xdg-user-dirs.x86_64                                 0.17-1.el8                                              AppStream 
xdg-user-dirs-gtk.x86_64                             0.10-13.el8                                             AppStream 
xerces-j2-demo.noarch                                2.11.0-34.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
xerces-j2-javadoc.noarch                             2.11.0-34.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
xfsdump.i686                                         3.1.8-2.el8                                             BaseOS    
xfsprogs.i686                                        4.19.0-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
xfsprogs-devel.i686                                  4.19.0-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
xfsprogs-devel.x86_64                                4.19.0-2.el8                                            BaseOS    
xinetd.x86_64                                        2:2.3.15-23.el8                                         AppStream 
xml-common.noarch                                    0.6.3-50.el8                                            BaseOS    
xml-commons-apis-javadoc.noarch                      1.4.01-25.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
xml-commons-apis-manual.noarch                       1.4.01-25.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                    AppStream 
xml-commons-resolver-javadoc.noarch                  1.2-26.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                       AppStream 
xml-stylebook.noarch                                 1.0-0.25.b3_xalan2.svn313293.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204 AppStream 
xml-stylebook-demo.noarch                            1.0-0.25.b3_xalan2.svn313293.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204 AppStream 
xml-stylebook-javadoc.noarch                         1.0-0.25.b3_xalan2.svn313293.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204 AppStream 
xmlrpc-c.i686                                        1.51.0-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
xmlrpc-c.x86_64                                      1.51.0-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
xmlrpc-c-client.i686                                 1.51.0-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
xmlrpc-c-client.x86_64                               1.51.0-5.el8                                            BaseOS    
xmlsec1.i686                                         1.2.25-4.el8                                            AppStream 
xmlsec1-nss.i686                                     1.2.25-4.el8                                            AppStream 
xmlsec1-nss.x86_64                                   1.2.25-4.el8                                            AppStream 
xmlsec1-openssl.i686                                 1.2.25-4.el8                                            AppStream 
xmlstreambuffer-javadoc.noarch                       1.5.4-8.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204                      AppStream 
xmlto.x86_64                                         0.0.28-7.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-sgml-doctools.noarch                            1.11-6.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-docs.noarch                                 1.7.1-7.el8                                             AppStream 
xorg-x11-drivers.x86_64                              7.7-22.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-ati.x86_64                              18.1.0-1.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-dummy.x86_64                            0.3.7-6.el8.1                                           AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev.x86_64                            2.10.6-2.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev-devel.i686                        2.10.6-2.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-evdev-devel.x86_64                      2.10.6-2.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-fbdev.x86_64                            0.5.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-intel.i686                              2.99.917-38.20180618.el8                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-intel.x86_64                            2.99.917-38.20180618.el8                                AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-libinput.x86_64                         0.28.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-nouveau.x86_64                          1:1.0.15-4.el8.1                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-qxl.x86_64                              0.1.5-9.el8                                             AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-v4l.x86_64                              0.3.0-2.el8                                             AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-vesa.x86_64                             2.4.0-3.el8                                             AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-vmware.x86_64                           13.2.1-8.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom.x86_64                            0.36.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-drv-wacom-serial-support.x86_64             0.36.1-5.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-font-utils.i686                             1:7.5-40.el8                                            BaseOS    
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                           1:7.5-40.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-font-utils.x86_64                           1:7.5-40.el8                                            BaseOS    
xorg-x11-fonts-100dpi.noarch                         7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-75dpi.noarch                          7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-100dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-1-75dpi.noarch                7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-100dpi.noarch              7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-14-75dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-100dpi.noarch              7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-15-75dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-100dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-2-75dpi.noarch                7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-100dpi.noarch               7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ISO8859-9-75dpi.noarch                7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-Type1.noarch                          7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-cyrillic.noarch                       7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-ethiopic.noarch                       7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-fonts-misc.noarch                           7.5-19.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-proto-devel.noarch                          2018.4-1.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xdmx.x86_64                          1.20.3-5.2.el8_0                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xephyr.x86_64                        1.20.3-5.2.el8_0                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xnest.x86_64                         1.20.3-5.2.el8_0                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xorg.x86_64                          1.20.3-5.2.el8_0                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xspice.x86_64                        0.1.5-9.el8                                             AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xvfb.x86_64                          1.20.3-5.2.el8_0                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-Xwayland.x86_64                      1.20.3-5.2.el8_0                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-common.x86_64                        1.20.3-5.2.el8_0                                        AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-utils.i686                           7.7-27.el8                                              BaseOS    
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                         7.7-27.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-server-utils.x86_64                         7.7-27.el8                                              BaseOS    
xorg-x11-utils.x86_64                                7.5-28.el8                                              AppStream 
xorg-x11-xauth.x86_64                                1:1.0.9-12.el8                                          AppStream 
xorg-x11-xbitmaps.noarch                             1.1.1-13.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-xinit.x86_64                                1.3.4-18.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-xinit-session.x86_64                        1.3.4-18.el8                                            AppStream 
xorg-x11-xkb-utils.x86_64                            7.7-27.el8                                              AppStream 
xorriso.x86_64                                       1.4.8-4.el8                                             AppStream 
xrestop.x86_64                                       0.4-21.el8                                              AppStream 
xsane.x86_64                                         0.999-30.el8                                            AppStream 
xsane-common.x86_64                                  0.999-30.el8                                            AppStream 
xsane-gimp.x86_64                                    0.999-30.el8                                            AppStream 
xsom-javadoc.noarch                                  0-19.20110809svn.module_el8.0.0+42+51564204             AppStream 
xterm.x86_64                                         331-1.el8                                               AppStream 
xterm-resize.x86_64                                  331-1.el8                                               AppStream 
xz.i686                                              5.2.4-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
xz-devel.i686                                        5.2.4-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
xz-devel.x86_64                                      5.2.4-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
xz-libs.i686                                         5.2.4-3.el8                                             BaseOS    
yajl.i686                                            2.1.0-10.el8                                            AppStream 
yelp.x86_64                                          2:3.28.1-3.el8                                          AppStream 
yelp-libs.i686                                       2:3.28.1-3.el8                                          AppStream 
yelp-libs.x86_64                                     2:3.28.1-3.el8                                          AppStream 
yelp-tools.noarch                                    3.28.0-3.el8                                            AppStream 
yelp-xsl.noarch                                      3.28.0-2.el8                                            AppStream 
yp-tools.x86_64                                      4.2.3-1.el8                                             AppStream 
ypbind.x86_64                                        3:2.5-2.el8                                             AppStream 
ypserv.x86_64                                        4.0-6.20170331git5bfba76.el8                            AppStream 
zenity.x86_64                                        3.28.1-1.el8                                            AppStream 
zip.i686                                             3.0-23.el8                                              BaseOS    
zlib.i686                                            1.2.11-10.el8                                           BaseOS    
zlib-devel.i686                                      1.2.11-10.el8                                           BaseOS    
zlib-devel.x86_64                                    1.2.11-10.el8                                           BaseOS    
zsh.i686                                             5.5.1-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
zsh.x86_64                                           5.5.1-6.el8                                             BaseOS    
zsh-html.noarch                                      5.5.1-6.el8                                             AppStream 
zziplib.i686                                         0.13.68-7.el8                                           AppStream 
zziplib.x86_64                                       0.13.68-7.el8                                           AppStream 
zziplib-utils.x86_64                                 0.13.68-7.el8                                           AppStream 
